The Summit
Q&A

2.6 rating

Reviews with the Verified Badge are from residents or prospects surveyed directly from SatisFacts™ at the community, ensuring reviews are from real residents or prospects!

Sort:

Resident • 2011

4/29/2011

Worst apartment ever!

The Summit in Mankato MN is the wrost place ever to live!!!! they treat like your are nothing and insignificant. there housing is nothing like there show rooms, they have underage drinking and paraphernalia know about it ! and do nothing to stop it! While living there I was in constant fear for my personal well being and management new about it! this place is a pure joke all they care about it money and not the person ! they also over charge for there apartments. I could get a one bedroom apt. for the price there asking for me to share with three other people!

Resident • 2009 - 2010

1/20/2011

There were some nice things about it but it was overall pretty wasteful. -Noisy. I know it's college housing mostly but it's not peaceful at all. Since all the entrances are from the inside, there's way too much traffic and drunk people knocking on your doors and windows. -Expensive. They say there are no bills but you end up spending over $60/month on bills. Put that with the $450 rent and you're paying over $500 for a small apartment. -Hot tub is disgusting. It's only open for a few days a year because drunks add bubbles or break beer bottles or do other dumb things. -Mandatory move-in days. It's not flexible at all so you have to drive hundreds of miles to move in a month before classes start sometimes. -Furniture. It does come furnished which is better than nothing but the furniture is horrible quality. The beds break if you're over 150 lbs and the couches are useless. -Flooding. A pipe burst in the winter and flooded my bedroom. As the carpet people were moving my stuff, they busted up a bunch of their own furniture and they tried to charge me for them when I moved out. I told them I would… See More >

Resident • 2011

1/20/2011

I am not going to resign!!

I am currently renting a two bedroom apartment, and it is located on the first floor of one of the buildings. They say there aren't any bills (electric, gas, etc.) however there has been one almost every month. The first ones were around $5 which wasn't bad, but our last two were around $30. This is rediculous being that we pay high rent here. They said it was because it has been a cold winter, however one of the bills consisted of two weeks before winter break and then two weeks during it and during winter break we turned our heat down to 65 degrees and unplugged everything that we could. Their response was that this is because we live in a 2 bedroom, on the first floor. So if you want to rent from here, do not get one of these!! Rent with more people or on a higher floor! I WILL NOT BE RESIGNING. I would suggest renting from somewhere cheaper!

Resident • 2009 - 2010

8/18/2010

Great place, but two major issues....

I lived in the apartments for the '09-'10 school year and for the most part it was pleasant. The included furniture was a nice touch. The staff was helpful (didn't go to them a lot fwiw), and the facilities were nice. However there were two big problems me and my roommates had. The first one: We had a apartment on the first floor and it had HORRIBLE insulation. The winter was especially bad, because of how much the heat escaped and how badly the walls allowed cold air to come through. The second biggest problem (as someone else mentioned earlier): THE INTERNET IS THE WORST I'VE EVER USED. The speed is horrible, less than 512 kb/s most of the time. Also, forget using the internet if one of your roommates is playing live or downloading stuff, it brings the internet to a crawl. There were times where I hooked up my phone to get internet, which was faster than what The Summit is offering.

Resident • 2007 - 2010

7/26/2010

I've lived at the summit for a couple years and decided not to renew my lease this year. I had several issues the last year with the office and if you have problems, they usually just tell you it's in the lease and you can't do anything about it. Make sure to read the lease. The tanning and free printing are nice, but it's hard to get on the tanning list (unless it's summer) and it seems the printer is always out of paper. During the school year it is pretty loud, especially on the weekends, and I know Jacob Heights isn't any better because I had friends living there. Maintenance is awesome and they can usually fix anything for you and in a timely matter. Also, I understand the people working in the office are busy, but they have become increasingly snotty when dealing with problems and have no idea of what is going on. You can tell it is a corporate run business and they don't care much for their tenants, which is unfortunate because it used to be the best place to live around campus.

Resident • 2009

6/29/2010

Summit is very committe in offering friendly and pleasant environment its residents.they offer vital services to residents. for exampl, they provide free gym, swimming pool to residents.

Resident • 2006 - 2008

6/16/2010

I enjoyed the summit overall. They say electric and water is free; however, you get bills every month.

Resident • 2010

4/22/2010

fun place to live! hottub makes for good socializing. furnished apartments are very nice- leather furniture. tanning and free computer lab/printing. worth it for the price. very nice quality. friendly staff. would definitely recommend! gets loud at times, but thats all part of the fun :)

Resident • 2010

3/16/2010

Wouldn't live ANYWHERE else!

I have lived at the Summit for 2 years, and have resigned my lease for next year as well when I will be a senior. There is a great sense of community here. You can meet a lot of people at the hot tub, in the game room, or at any of the multiple resident events they have every month. When I walk into the office the staff is great and friendly. With the gym, tanning, hot tub, and volleyball court, there are always people from other appartment complexes visiting saying how awesome it is here. I would never think to live anywhere else in Mankato!

Resident • 2008 - 2009

11/25/2009

Alright place to live

The Summit/ Jacob Heights is an average place to live. With the individuals that live around me and in the complex, I would expect the place to be worse off than it actually is. Cleanliness is a constant issue with the entire complex. Yeah, everyone will see garbage laying around random areas of the facility, but that is mainly because of people trashing the place. Having the washer/dryer in each apartment and also having a dishwasher is super convenient. Dealing with the office is not fun though. They try to hire attractive girls rather than the more common sense type girls. Parking is not an issue, even though you may read it is, if The Summit tows your car it is for a reason. If you don't have a permit, either park in visitor parking (which is small), but you can also park in the street (only one side of the street in the winter). When the plows work, The Summit gives each rent payer plenty of time to work around moving their vehicles before they are towed. Noise is an issue, the walls are thinner than expected, so try to get a place on the third floor so you… See More >

Resident • 2009

9/21/2009

INTERNET CONNECTION TOO DAMN SLOW!!

Internet connection is WAY TOO SLOW, you will spend hours wasting your time waiting and waiting, they must do something about this issue as we use the internet a lot for study, projects, entertainment.. etc. The Internet became a necessity now not just a luxury. Besides HickoryTech sucks as ISP!!

Resident • 2007 - 2009

8/18/2010

Wouldn't recommend calling the after hours hotline - called three times in one night for a fight happening outside our window. Also called when two of our smoke detectors were chirping (low battery) and the person at the other end said they couldn't help us. After waiting up for 6 hours for maintenance to come they tell us the phone operator was wrong! Maintenance is otherwise prompt and friendly. Close proximity to campus bus line. Don't count on much visitor parking. Watch out for the electricity cap! Bills increased immensely over the 2 years here! Also be careful for the lease renewal scams - wait til only a month or two before and you'll get a better deal!

Resident • 2008 - 2009

7/1/2009

The Summit looks nice from the outside but...

The reason I picked the summit is because of the long list of amenities they offer. The truth is that the hot tub was only open 2 days a week at best and not friday or saturday, it was always closed due to residents breaking glass in the area and it would not be open for weeks. In the club house they have a pool table without pool ques, fousball without balls, ping pong without paddels, and also security who are very unfrienly and disrespectful. Also somone vomited in my hallway and I called managment to have it cleaned and it was there for 4 days! I called back after 4 days and the manger was just as bad as security, they dont respect their residents at all. Dont be fooled by the amenitties they say they offer. You pay for the amenities and they dont maintain them.

Resident • 2008 - 2009

6/25/2009

Bad Experience!

I have also had a bad experience here, I moved in with 3 people who were the complete opposite of me. I was told that they were going to match me up with people who i would get along with and who have the same lifestyle as i had. then as i tried to move out it took a month to transfer from one apartment to another when i had serious issues with my past roomates. when i moved in with my new roomate, i loved living with her, but there were issues with the apartment with stuff that needed to get fixed. One of the good things that have happened was that the maintenece service gets there in less than 2 days from when you complain. I also recently got notified that i was not signed up for the next month of living there when my lease goes through to the end of july but i was put on the past resident list last week... I will NOT rent here again, and will NEVER recommend anyone else to rent here!

Resident • 2009

4/6/2009

**SuPeR SuMMiT**

I would highly recommend living at the summit for future residents! Not only are the apartments nice and homely, but the staff is exceptional. I wake up every day in my funished bed, (which is cozy) and look forward to using my large open kitchen for breakfast and other meals. I can enjoy my meals at the dining table or the new leather couches that have been provided for my living convenience. Stopping in the office is a pleasure as well because i am always greated with bright smiles from the wonderful staff. Also, besides the awesome staff, are the awesome snacks provided for residents. If you are a cookie/candy lover like me you will love the treats that are provided daily. Maintenance is absolutely wonderful and extremely speedy! The very few apartment problems we have had with our apartment have been taken care of immidiately by maintenance. All in all, the summit is an excellent choice for living arrangements. The apartment is nice, the location is perfect, the staff is amazing and the atmosphere is great! I recommend it for anyone!

Resident • 2009

2/26/2009

Choose another place!

I decided to move into the Summit thinking that it came with tanning,hot tub, a workout center, furnished apartments---sounded like a good deal. It is not as good as it seems. First of all this is a place for FRESHMAN only, I felt completely out of place as a junior. There are always freshman around playing their music as loud as possible and acting like complete idiots. The walls are PAPER THIN!! There is no way to ever get on the tanning list, it is always full (and I'm sure a second bed won t help the matter, there are a ton of people that live there), the hot tub is closed more than not because idiots put bubble bath in it and break glass around it. The office staff has no idea, I swear they don't communicate and they also lie if they are unsure of an answer. OH-- the printers in the 'computer lab' are ALWAYS out of paper and no one cares to refill them. This place is a complete disaster...I would suggest University Square (Above Noodles and Company, Planet Beach, Chipotle...etc) Much better!!!! DO NOT SIGN A LEASE HERE! Oh rent is now $445 per month....

Resident • 2008 - 2009

2/24/2009

amenities amenities amenities. Best property in Mankato, hands down

I transfered to MSU last year as a junior and did my research on the apartments in the area. I toured all apartments within a 10 mile radius and not one compared to what you are going to find at The Summit. The amenities are incredible. Covered in the cost of the rent you get an extremely large hot tub open year round. A large club house open 24/7 with billiards, exercise facilities, tanning, large tv, and a study room with computers for personal use. All FREE! The big selling point for me was the completely furnished units complete with nice brand new leather couches, beds, dressers, tables and appliances. The units themselves are very nice and up to date. I like that each unit has a balcony/patio area. The office staff are very friendly and always willing to help, the maintenance staff fix problems quickly, and the security here are very nice and resolve issues quickly whenever they arise. I have friends who live in the dorms, at highland hills, and university square. Their places are out of date, and have a weird smell to them. My friends always want to come to my place to hang out which… See More >

Resident • 2006 - 2009

2/23/2009

The Summit

This is a great place to live! It makes living extremely easy and fun. The staff is very helpful and always puts on fun events--and gives away free stuff!

Resident • 2005 - 2008

2/23/2009

Very nice!

It's furnished! The management and maintenace staff are excellent--they are always willing to help out and fix things when needed! Close to campus. I could not find better college housing than the Summit! One thing that I was very happy to have was washer/dryer in each apartment--I hate having to pay for community laundry, so that was a great plus!

Resident • 2008 - 2009

2/12/2009

lots of problems.

The actual apartments are pretty nice, especially the model, but when my roommates and I first moved in, it seriously seemed like they did not clean the apartment at all besides maybe vacuumed. There were obvious painted patches in our walls, ceiling, doors, etc. The carpet was stained, a leg on the coffee table they gave us was broken, and part of the coffee table was coming off. I know that they did not clean our bathrooms because there was still stuff from the last people that lived here underneath the sink in the cabinet. The maintenance staff takes literally forever to fix things, and you're going to freeze your butt off in the winter because the heat sucks in the bedrooms. The living room and kitchen will get sauna hot, but your rooms and the hallway is literally 20 degrees colder-especially if you don't keep your door open so the heat can circulate in. They do not shovel the sidewalks in the winter, and the place might as well be an ice rink. They plow, but I really do not even see the point since they just compact the snow and make it ice. They also make you move your… See More >

Resident • 2008

10/16/2008

The Summit has just enough of everything to offer and that is why I signed a lease here. It's close enough to campus and has great ammenities to use in my spare time. I really like the Summit and Jacob Heights, I have lived at both and they each have their own appeal. I like the safety of the key cards but it is annoying when your lock stops working. However, the maintenance staff is really responsive when I need something fixed. There is always free food in their office which I love.

Resident • 2006 - 2008

2/11/2008

Not worth the money

Rent keeps going up every year at this place. It s obvious that management is making some mad bank. They seem to buy new cars every year. I wouldn t recommend this place due to maintenance's lack of work. They drive around and pick up garbage all day, but don t bother to tend to the common area problems. Entrance doors and hinges need to be replaced as well as many light bulbs. Stairways and landings are dirty and tended to occasionally. We had a major roof leak that took them well over a month and a half to fix. It took three phone calls before they actually brought buckets. It took until the city got involved before the got their act together. They try to sell you on little perks such as a hot tub, free printing, balconies, and tanning beds. Comparing it to a 4 bedroom in Highland Hills; prices there is no way you its worth $125 in amenities.

Resident • 2005 - 2006

5/18/2007

Decent, but has some issues.

I lived in a four bedroom apartment at College Park Communities, The Summit, from May of 2005 until June of 2006. The apartment was decent, but I have a number of qualms that I would caution others to be aware of, even if my rating for the place is good. - The four-bedroom apartments are TINY. The kitchen is a decent size, but the living room was small and (at least) my bedroom was TINY; it had almost no space once the bed/desk/dresser were in place. - Cable/internet is included in the rent, which is nice, but it also means you can't upgrade anything yourself (say, if you want to do file sharing, get a faster connection for xbox live, get digital or high def cable if you have a nice TV, etc.). - The heating, oh lord, my bedroom was cold as ice all winter long. Why? The thermostat was all the way on the other side of the apartment, so it never registered that my bedroom (and the one adjacent to mine) were never warm in the winter. - Basic furniture is included, but you have to store it yourself if you want to bring something else in. Which led to a wonderful attempt at charging me, the only one of the four to move out last summer, for a missing couch that the other roommates were storing. I also felt they nailed me with about $60 in cleaning charges for my bedroom that were false; I cleaned by bedroom from top to bottom, and the only thing I didn't do was clean the blinds, so there should not have been any personal charges beyond that. Because of these issues, I myself would never consider living there again. However, the washer/dryer and dishwasher were really nice, the tenant matching was good, the AC worked really well in the summer time, and the staff/workers were always friendly and helpful. One day our washer overflowed (somehow a sock got stuck in the drain?) and they had it fixed later that day. It's not a bad place to live, but I don't feel the value/size is there for the cost. It seems like they advertise "distractions," like the new "25 person hot tub" they were putting in RIGHT OUTSIDE MY BEDROOM WINDOW IN THE SUMMER OF 2006, to distract people from the size and lack of options. Still, if these things don't bother you, and you don't have the money to buy furniture, go for it. If you can get some fun roommates, it might be worth it.
