I paid my rent on the 1st and noticed the payment had not yet been processed, so I called the office to confirm my balance. I was told that I did not owe anything further. Later, I discovered late fees were added to my account. Being told

M. Odette Rivas-Hose

Highly unprofessional and incompetent staff. Their apartments are disgusting when you move in and have numerous issues and flaws. Don't worry, if you take note of it on your move-in inspections, they still won't do anything about it or

Incompetence from top to bottom. They will offer no help, they will try their best to keep charges on your account (even if they're fraudulent) to try and squeeze every last penny out of you. They will tell you the wrong answer to your

One of the worst apartments I've ever lived in! They didn’t even bother to clean before I moved in because one of the previous tenants renewed their lease. The bathroom and common areas were disgusting. The management refused to cooperate,

It's close to campus, and the rent is competitive. You are also close to many great places to eat. But be warned: They are a greedy. They pinch pennies, cut corners, and entirely lack any empathy what-so-ever. Your apartment will be

Highland Hill Apartments is a complex of apartment buildings located in Mankato, Minnesota. The apartments offer a variety of floor plans to choose from, including one bedroom, two bedroom, and three bedroom units. The complex is

I lived at Highland for a total of three years. One year was spent renting out a room in a 4 bedroom apartment with random roommates. The remaining two years were spent living in a one bedroom unit.

Unacceptable move in conditions. This is how the apartment looked on move-in date. For $400 a month for a shared space.

The toilet, the bathroom, the kitchen, ventilation vents. It’s unsanitary and

SLUMLORDS! STAY AWAY! Complex absolutely refuses to remove snow and ice in a timely matter, so dig out your big boots in the winter time and expect to hike through inches of snow to your vehicle. Complex decided to not renew my lease

Absolute atrocious management. The other reviews speak for themselves. First of all, the photos of the apartment are not at all how the apartments are presented. Pretty rundown place. Broken flooring, cabinets, appliances, stains, bad paint

Just going to leave this here. You can’t let people live in an apartment with mold. You definitely can’t ignore them when they request maintenance on it.

I’m a student at MSU and have been residing at highland for almost a year now. When I was apartment hunting I saw all the bad reviews but didn’t have a choice as it was one of the only apartments available to rent at the time. I hoped it

Thin walls, you hear everything and barely anyone is considerate of neighbors so they blare music daily. Parking sucks near campus and they never do anything to remove illegally parked cars. Maintenance entered my unit without approval

I have had nothing but great experiences since deciding to sign with this apartment company. The Leasing office has always been super helpful, especially this last year when a leasing agent helped me and my friends move in together. Overall very friendly and although small apartments the cleanliness is definitely there

I have had the worst experience not only with the quality but the management. My apartment still had their cleaning supplies in it, to get a repair done when there is black mold in my bathroom they wouldn’t clean it. It took almost 3 months

The day before we were supposed to move my son into this poorly managed complex, the leasing office gave his room away to a different person, claiming we had not signed all the lease forms. Strangely, the person we had talked to the day

I do not have good experience there. They just think about getting the money and if you have any issue related to apartment they do not care about you. The staff and even their manager do not behave you in a good way. Our apartment was old

Don't be confused this place sucks. Yes it is close to campus, but they will find any chance to charge you extra. They charged me $1000 dollars for cleaning my apartment after I moved out. Absolutely unprecedented and I have heard of this

Id rather be homeless than live at highland HONESTLY. The apartments are nothing like the ones you see before you move in. They are filthy, out-dated, full of mold, awful paint jobs, the dryer has ruined all of my clothes, my toilet has

This place is absolutely horrible. Have had issues since the day I moved in. Maintenance is absolutely terrible. They do not care what so ever. Had black mold in our place and it took them weeks to come in and all they did was spray it.

Overall, it was fine. I lived there for two years, in a studio. When I first moved in, studios were $600; the year after, they upped it to $650; this year it's even higher. Not sure if I can blame that on the apartment complex or inflation,

Wish I could give it a lower rating. For reference, I lived here from November 2020 until June of 2023. Starting with their terrible maintenance staff. It was like pulling teeth to get them to fix problems with the unit. My furnace went out

DO NOT RENT FROM HERE I BEG YOU. The apartment is trash. Luckily my sister has all the pictures. It was dirty from day one of moving in with a broken widow. Just poor management. HELLLLLLLL AND RUN AWAY.

Ben is honestly the best person in the office, he did an exceptional job helping us get into a place when we were in a pickle trying to find a place to live on short notice. As for living goes it has been really good, our dryer went out

The only thing they have going for them is their proximity to campus. The apartments are cheap, small, and falling apart. The maintenance and security is a joke. Even the office staff are selfish. All that they want is your money and they

apartment is very overpriced and prices have gone up $70 in the last 2 years …. even living here for 2 years isn’t enough for the continued rate from when i moved in. the maintenance team is useless they haven’t fixed the pool that’s been

Location is the only great thing about this complex. I have lived here for 2 years now. My first year we had to fill out a maintenance request because most of our outlets didn’t work. They did come rather quickly, but they ended up rewiring

It use to be nice, even for the studios. But rent increase bc of inflation. Number one problem: they don't clean. So they charge you for minor things like a spec of dust if you move out like that.

I have lived in highland for 2 years now and I am satisfied with how it's been. Whenever I have put in a maintenance request, it has been dealt with promptly. The 2 bedroom apartments in Evergreen Terrance are very nice, only downside is no

I've been living at Highland for about 3 years now and I've always had pretty good experiences with them. When I first moved into my current apartment there were a number of maintenance issues, but after we reported then they were all

I love living here. It is a nice distance to campus. I walk to classes everyday and it takes less than ten minutes! It allows me to save my money instead of buying a parking permit on campus. Maintenance is also really fast. I put in several request and they have it done within the next few days.

Don’t sign a lease here. If I could give it 0/5 stars I would. My lease ended 07/20/2022 and I’m so thankful to be out. I’ve rented at many different places in Mankato and Highland Hills was the worst! First and foremost they are

1. Rent goes up roughly over 10% each year.

2. Will fight you absolutely tooth and nail to charge for anything and

I wish there was an option to put zero stars. Highland has poor management, it's overpriced for what you're getting, and stupid rules and fees. My roommate and I got a rabbit and didn't see that only cats and dogs were allowed. Around

I would not recommend this to anyone. When I first entered the apartment the walls were a sickly gray most likely due to the fact that the furnace filter was not changed. Additionally I was under the assumption that the apartment would be

Living here was the worst decision I have ever made.

Staff is outright rude and unhelpful. I called for help multiple times in the two years I lived here. While things got better after the new management team came

The apartment is nice, management is always friendly, and maintenance was quick at fixing appliance. I live in a single. Really it's the neighbors that may make or break it, you can hear too well into other units. The pool was closed all

I love living at Highland. My hometown is far away and Highland is my home away from home. The office staff has always been super helpful and friendly whenever I’ve needed help with something. Maintenance has always come within the same

To be brief, all of the negative reviews sum it up well. This is a scam for college students to have convenient access to campus. The quality of apartments is comparable to section 8 housing in North Minneapolis. Do not rent here, they do

Just your average college apartments. Maintenance is very nice. Sometimes things take a while to get fixed. They left vomit in our building entryway for 4 days(happened Saturday morning but didn't clean until Tuesday afternoon even though I

Highland hills apartment management is very unprofessional. They take weeks to respond to emails, and don't seem to know how to plan ahead or organize things. The apartments are terrible in the summer as the air conditioning is only in the

Six people in an office that offer absolutely no help. It feels like a bother talking to the “property manager “. If you have options please 🙏🏽 stay away

I'm only giving it two stars due to my time living in the two bedroom apartments was good. However, since moving into the one bedroom apartments, all I've been thinking about is moving out. They have HORRIBLE communication between staff

if I could give zero stars I would. Every month I have a problem with them. I pay rent on time and they always try to sneak in a late fee charge. Their office is really unorganized or they just really don’t care about their tenants. They

Do not rent at Highland Hills. I have lived here for 5+ years and have moved within various units in the complex. My experience has been abysmal to say the least. I would loved to have provided a more detailed review but I am just so

Only thing good thing is the price and location, took 4 months to replace our washer that was overflowing, oven fell apart, mold in the bathroom and gets very hot in the summer. The office is unhelpful, I'm currently waiting for my move in

I didn’t get a chance to live in highland, but after reading the reviews and going through an application process of my own, I would definitely not recommend this place. I actually wish I would’ve read the reviews beforehand, so please do

I’ve been a current resident at highland for the past 2 years. The area is prime, as it’s right across or a few blocks away from campus, depends which building you’re living at. The rent is decently affordable and payments are made easy. My

I’ve lived here almost 3 years and I’ve liked it the entire time. Management is super nice and helpful with the exception of the leasing manager who has always been kind of meh. Maintenance is always pretty quick to fix things. But ya the

DO NOT LIVE HERE! I have black mold and water damage that could shut them down, and they are going to "paint over it". All the 5-star reviews are because of a $10 gift card to those who leave a positive review. It's cheap rent and close to

Its a good place to live if you move into the recently renovated apartments, all maintenance repair requests have been completed within days. The only down size is annoying neighbors being loud and smoking weed in the building. Probably the same people writing the bad reviews and complaining that their security deposit is gone.

I've lived here since August in a single bedroom apartment and regret signing a lease with this apartment complex. Aside from the that their prices for a single apt (650) are too high for what you're getting, in the winter they suck at

I've only lived here a little under a year and can't wait to move out. With the pandemic the location no longer matters and its even easier to see all the annoyances and disservice. The dryers and washers NEVER work right no matter how

The 5 star reviews are only because they are offering a $10 gift card to people who review on Google. This place is a dump. Property management is scummy and the owner just wants your money. Everything is just right above the legal line so

This is my second year living in Highland North 3-bedrooms! I can honestly say it’s a very convenient and affordable place to stay. I think it’s a great place especially for us college students. I am able to walk to campus every day because

Its not bad place to live, its adequate but nothing special. The thing i want to share is that I kept on getting haunted as a solo one bedroom owner and my friends kept getting haunted on as a 2 person lease. My hauntings weren't that bad,

They have roaches. They were made aware of the roach infestation prior to me living in the unit. They told me that they have exterminated but am still seeing roaches and now bed bugs. I informed them of something biting me and they have

This is my second year living at highland east apartments. I have had nothing but a good experience. We have had a few maintenance issues but the staff has always been good about coming to fix them in a timely manner. Personally I recommend highland as a good place to live.

I currently live in these apartments, and the truth is that the price is very high for the conditions in which they are. When we moved we were not allowed to see it before paying, they said that we had to pay and that they gave us the

Pick another place to live. Yes it’s close to campus, but I can’t even begin to tell you the amount of problems we have had with this place. My roommate and I live in the two bedroom apartments (Oak Park) on the first floor. We’ve been here

Highland Hills was perfect for my son, a college student. The complex is very close to campus so he could walk to class. The staff were able to place my son with roommates, since he did not know many people he did not have a network to

I recently moved in this august and have enjoyed my stay thus far. My apartment is only a 6 minute walk from campus, and the rent is easy on my wallet. I definitely would recommend to any college student who wants a budget place to live that is close to campus.

Straight up Dirty apartments. They do not do inspections before new tenants move in. I just move in and I had filthy panties with discharge with noddles and dirt everywhere to welcome me. What a nice way to start!!!!

Highland is a great place to live! It’s very close to MSU campus and close to other things like gas stations and many restaurants. The staff are kind and make it easy to resolve any problems there may be. I’m glad that i moved to highland and highly recommend to any collage students looking to rent !

Great location, bad management. When you move out, prepare for a bunch of random charges for cleaning and such even if you deep cleaned. They will try to take as much money as they can from you. Also hallways and such are always dirty, washing machines are always broken, new apartments are never cleaned. Wouldn't recommend.

I’d definitely give negative stars if I could. They charge on random things, send you “eviction” notices even after you’ve called a few times to let them know, they were incorrect. God forbid that ever happens. Their parking lots during the

They are very close to the campus and they often misuse this advantage. The staff is often rude and uncompromising. No matter how friendly and ideal tenant you are, the managment will always try to disappoint you in any way possible. The

Reasonable apartment standards, depending on the type of apartment you are allotted. Management is good in my opinion and I am satisfied with it. They are really strict on apartment policies (e.g. noise levels at night, safety, public area cleanliness.) which serves to be good

lived there for 2 years, the first apartment I move in to was okay, but I was surprised to see that it didnt seem like they do any cleaning, I had to wash the floors 5 times before my socks stopped turning black from walking. We got charged

Good place to live in. strategic location, right across the school.office people a very helpful, they assist you until you are satisfied. I've been living here for two years now, and I love this place. if you are looking for a place to

Been here 4 years in the 4 beds and 5 beds. The apartments themselves are ok at best. Most of the staff is bad at what they do. Be prepared for random charges on things that were broke when you got there, as well there washing machines being just terrible. Cheaper living is cheaply living here. They can do much better.

(So, as a 2 year update..... My neighbors where just being

kind. They heard everything. 0/10 do not recommend)

I can finally scream and cry about not knowing what the hell I'm doing with my

When I started living in these apartments, seven moths ago, I was having a pleasant time and no issues at all, but since 4-5 moths, there is a guy beneath my apartment that is always screaming and making loud noises, I have called security

I see a lot of reviews complaining about the management at highland and I have to strongly disagree. I lived there for two years It's very busy but for student housing it's better than most management companies in Mankato. I had a crazy

I've lived in 3 separate apartments within the Highland apartment complexes and all have been awful. They are never properly cleaned before move in day, the appliances are outdated, and the management is poor (and that is being kind).

I lived here for two years and I would recommend it. The pricing is reasonable and in my experience if there's a mistake in charging I just had to talk with someone at the office to fix it. Maintenance was great and fast most of the time.

I live in the highland 3 bedroom apartments. Our apartment had carbon monoxide in it because of a water heater that was not properly inspected prior to move-in. Had we not put batteries in our smoke detectors ourselves because highland did

It's funny how they say my car being on jackstands is against the policy, but when we've complained about our neighbors being loud more than 5 times after hours, they don't do anything about it. In the policy book, it states that after the

I am a first time renter and I am Loving the affordable prices! The fact this is a dog friendly complex makes a world of difference!

I’ve lived here for two years. First a three bedrooms, then a one bedroom. I haven’t had many issues with management or maintenance. I have issues with the apartments and the grounds.

Autumn & Megan were so helpful and pleasant to resolve my misunderstanding and made it right. Absolutely love the location and staff of Highland Hills Mankato’s!

The apartments are in poor condition when you move in, despite whatever absurd charge the previous tenants were given for cleaning. Amenities are sub-par, if even present. Management is the worst; rude, arrogant, and unknowledgable. I was

If it was possible i would give this place 0 stars. They put no effort into any renovations, no dishwasher, no washer/dryer, and a staff that likes to charge you for calling them to come unclog your shower drain. Me and my roommate had to

This apartment complex is one of the worst I have came across. Not only do the management suck and charge you for things that are not necessary, THEY ALSO BORROWED ME AN APARTMENT KEY WITHOUT CHECKING ID, WHEN THEY DID NOT KNOW MY FACE. All

This company is horrible. Very unorganized, the amenities are constantly unavailable, the snow and ice "removal" is a joke, the apartments are subpar, and trying to deal with the office staff is a nightmare. They don't care about their

They charged me $100 for paint when I moved out but there were tons of problems that I reported while I was living there. They also charged me for $30 to replace blinds that were broken, and I reported, when I moved in.

Been here two years and the pool was only open for a few days. Some of the people in the office are really cool and I don’t blame them at all.idk if it’s the owner or what but nothing ever gets done here.

Have not lived here. I had to pay $199 hold fee to even submit an application. I was denied a 1 bedroom. Which was my only interest. Was informed my holding fee would be returned to me. It has been 3 weeks and I still haven't gotten it.

Love our 1 bedroom apt in Highland, have had no issues. Kitchen is impossibly small (hence 4 rather than 5 stars) but maintenance is awesome and apartment is pretty quiet all things considered.

I have no idea where all the bad reviews are coming from. These guys were amazing. I just graduated from msu so I just moved out, but I lived here for about 4 years. I also won their $3000 scholarship a while ago. During my time here, I

If it weren't for Myra in the office I would hate this apartment complex and give it 0 stars. Yeah it's cheap ish and close ish but it just isn't worth it. Maintenance are good and quick. But the other staff are just horrid, they're rude,

I have lived in both a one bedroom and two bedroom unit in highland and while I liked my one bedroom unit I have not had the same level of satisfaction with my two bedroom unit. First things first, the model in NO WAY SHAPE OR FORM an

My boyfriend and I lived in Highland for one year and that was long enough. We had many issues with management in general. When we moved in our apartment was dirty and there were left over screws and dust EVERYWHERE. Our bathroom door was

First of all, don't sign no lease if you can but if you do, look before you sign the agreements. I told the leasing agent that I wanted this place to be an option if I didn't find another spot where I tried. I signed for the Deposit fee

If you are a college student attending MSU Mankato the only thing good about highland hills is the location. Otherwise the infrastructure and management are terrible. I currently live under some noisy people that stay up till god knows

They were so unorganized... They forgot to send out my security deposit after my contract was up and I was moved out. They also were very inconsistent when it came to cashing rent checks. Sometimes I had to wait 3 weeks before they cashed

I’ve been here for a year now so I feel as though I have a good lay of the land.

Unfortunately we were unable to view a studio or one bedroom. Which I found strange as they had them available. Had we have been able to we may have decided to rent there.

The management is only after the money. The apartments are super crappy. The only thing that keeps them in business is the distance from the campus. Hell might have a better standard of living then this place. Stay as far away as possible if you value yourself one bit.

These people are such scammers. The apartment itself wasn't that bad, but the administration was terrible. I had a sub-letter who didn't pay the last month's rent, and I ended up getting evicted because my name was on the lease. I

I never thought office people could get paid to be so useless. Highland doesn’t care for the tenants and are extremely lazy and come up with excuses instead of solutions. They also charge new tenants for the damage of the previous person. Very poorly managed. Welcome to highland :)

I wish I could give this place LESS than a 1 star. The office management is TERRIBLE, RUDE, and I just don’t understand how this place is still running. The maintenance is terrible as well, they look gross. The apartment that I lived in was

Absolutely aweful. Management is beyond rude. Always over charging you for "mistakes" in their system and then instead of paying you back when mistakes are made they "credit" your account so you're out your extra cash. They are not helpful.

Management is very abusive. They overcharged you out of no where for fines you did not know. And if you disagree for unfair overcharge, they threatened and harassed you with eviction! The services were very bad as well for the rent you paid. The laundry was often out of order and they delayed to fix it..

Over priced for what you get. They charge a $22 convenience fee to pay your bill if you want to pay with a credit card! What a joke. Also, I have never dealt with management that is so immature and childlike, they try and rip there renters off in every way possible. Please go somewhere else for renting you will regret living here.

First ever experience with renting so far has been great thanks to highland :)! Maintenance is quick to respond to any problems we’ve had. Staff is all very helpful and welcoming. Home away from home :)!

Perfect place to live if you are student at MSU. Not to quote Bette Davis but, "What a dump." Unfortunately my studio flooded three times over the last eight months from clogged pipes. If you are thinking about signing here get the top level of a building to avoid possible sewer water back up.

My daughter was supposed to move into highland August 1 the complex has done nothing but jerk her around from the get go. Now they are telling her August 10. She has been asking for August 1 since January. They do not follow through on their end with email communication at all. They have been nothing but rude once you sign a lease.

DO NOT FILL OUT THE APPLICATION OR PAY THEM ANYTHING UNLESS YOU ARE FORSURE GETTING THE PLACE YOU WANTED!

--In the application there is a security deposit fee of $200 plus the

I would not recommend highland hills plumbing is terrible windows were highly outdated and broken/impossible to open/close. The service and online portal were extremely glitchy. A couple of times the portal showed me a zero balance and so I

The apartments are affordable depending on your preferences. Lots of friendly people in the office to guide you through your questions and all. Additionally, most of the apartments are close to campus.

This place is managed by a group of slum lords. I have been without heat since Friday, and these peons have given me and my family the runaround by giving us a phone number to call with no voicemail. Incompetence is a normal here. This is currently going on now, so do not think that old reviews are different.

The first night we got here, there was a gas leak in the dryer or something. The next day there was water leaking everywhere, from the washer and refrigerator. Our dryer didn't work, our stove and oven didn't work, most of our outlets

Moved in on the 15th, fridge didn't work, have now lived here a month and they have not yet fixed the problem. Have called the management office multiple times and they contiue telling me it will be within a few days or they need to look into it. They have also mesured the space 3 times! I'm getting real tired of eating fast food.

Worst management I've ever seen. Had us move into a filthy apartment which was apparently "approved by the investigation team" before we moved in. The apartment was inhospitable and yet they weren't willing to help us or relocate it.

If I could give 0 stars I would. Do not live here. The place is a scam the fine print holds all sorts of extra fees for minor things and trust me they will find anything to take your money. Horrible living conditions and staff. Apartment

Management don’t care of residents and impose any room on you. The only reason they have people coming to reside is because they are close to campus.

So disgusting. Mold, rot and fruit flies everywhere. I was also charged rent for the month of July TWICE and they refused to refund me. Absolutely ridiculous, do not live here.

Things get fixed. May take a while because of how many apartment highland hills has. But it gets done.

Office people are willing to answer questions if you have it.

We set up an appointment to view an apartment, the manager contacted us to see what type .. never responded ..I sent a few emails after that and then she completely blocked me... HIGHLY UNPROFESSIONAL.. I can totally see why the ratings are so low now

Overall good place to live. Maintenance is semi quick with good work. Hallways and parking lots needed better up-keep but nothing to get upset about!

It is a close walk to campus which is very nice. I live in the 5 bedroom apartments and I do like them! The spaces aren’t very big but it is a nice place for the price I pay.

If I could I would give a minus star. The worst management. They don't have any sympathy or empathy towards their tenants. The roads are always slippery they never clean up the roads. Worst place to live in.

Please, just don't move in. It's not worth living this close to campus, anything done to improve the place is superficial. Never getting to the root of a problem or understanding that consistent management is more important then free food.

Highly recommend living here if you are a student! Very affordable and close to campus which is convenient! Hallways and parking lot is always clean and maintenance is also very fast when you need it!

I dislike the high cost of what we're paying for a four bedroom apartment. There are 3 rooms that are very small not enough space for my things I believe we are paying too much money for these poor quality apartments

Decent place to live and relatively cheap. If you clean your apartment when you move out you will get your full deposit back which is nice.

Horrible. Never live here. The location is great, but that's about it. I keep getting overcharged rent and maintenance never shows up when they say they are half the time. I recommend finding a different place to live.

Rent is fair, walls aren’t too thin, any maintenance issues were resolved quick for me, easy walking distance to campus.

Highway robbery. Bad plumbing, outdated everything, landlord special repairs. You are just a paycheck to the owners. They don't put any money into paying for actual maintenance, decent management, etc. The owners are just laughing all the way to the bank.

I have loved living here as a Mankato student since it is so close to the campus, as well as having very affordable rent and a nice apartment it has been great!

I haven't personally lived here, but I had a friend that lived here and loved it!! She said it was very convenient and clean!! I would definitely check in to it if I were going to college there!!

I’ve been living at highland for a few months now and I have had a very positive experience! Office staff was kind and helpful, I even got to move in a few days early with no extra charge.

You get what you pay for. Well, you get a bit less. $30 late fee for paying rent one day late. I understand, but with everything else this place tries to pull on it’s residents… it’s not a great place

As you see here. There are full of dog waste and very slippery ice. These pictures are reported to the apartment office twice 2-3 weeks ago but no change. Smell very bad.

Lived in a four bedroom apartment and I really liked living here. This place has some flaws but it's pretty cheap and I think you're getting a really good deal for what you're paying.

It’s really good for the price it is. I’ve lived in highland for a year now and I’ve never had any issues. Maintenance is quick and someone’s always able to answer a question you need.

The location is awesome, the base price for rent is fair, but in general it doesn’t seem to hold up against other apartments in Mankato

Right across from campus, reasonably priced. Are there better apartments? Yes. But for what you're paying it's a good apartment.

They will fine u, if their security fail to identify the tenet'car. Even if u paid for parking.

One of the worst place to live in Minnesota. It’s pure trap. They never repair the pre allotment damage and once you sign, then they tell you that it was you who made the damage.

Poor customer service, old apartments, extra charges as well as unreasonable staff… if you have other option I would say go for it

Very poor management. I called regarding a subleasing situation and I had gotten to two different answers and not kind service. Myra was kind and had great customer service but Judy was short and rude about it. Do not recommend living here.

The apartments themself aren't too bad. Office staff and younger maintenance workers are terrible! The ladies in the office are always cranky and rude. Don't waste your money here.

Close walk to campus! Affordable!! Good choice for college students. The maintenance people are really good and alway come within a couple of hours!

Terrible place to live at, the apartments are falling apart and they will charge you $50 for parking a foot away from your apartment. It’s really not worth the price live, anywhere else.

walls are paper thin so if you have roommates you can hear everything. they don’t clean the air ducts.

Rudest management I've ever encountered. Moved in and there was dust and crap everywhere. Will find any excuse to charge you for anything. Would not recommend to ANYONE. LOOK ELSEWHERE

If you say you live in a bad apartment in this area people assume its highland and they'd be correct. It's nice to live close, but overall not worth living here.

Very poorly managed, dirty apartments, very outdated windows. Extremely noisy 🙄 and very stinky.

Couldn't tell me what Maintenance company was in my home. Don't move your belongings into this apartment complex.

Only good thing: close to campus.

Bad things: 1000+. If you want a place close to campus then might as well live in the dorms.

Close to campus, rent is reasonable, maintenance gets back to you pretty fast most of the time and the employees in the office are great.

Loved my 2 bedroom, and love my 1 bedroom on elm tree court. Wish this was more cupboard space in the kitchen though

They will take all your money when you move out. They charged us $700 just for paint. Absurd!

Been here for over a year and have yet to have a problem. They repaired any issues on the spot! Management has been good also!

I only got to see into one of the apartments, but it seemed like a great place to live. Very roomy.

If only 0 stars was possible the worst place ever, people at the front desk are so rude as well!

Affordable place. Close to campus. Maintanance is quick and helpful. Quite old house but livable

I've only been living here for about two months but so far no complaints! Satisfied so far!

You get what you pay for. Decent and close to campus. They have always been prompt to fix things.
