These apartments are absolutely wonderful! Our unit served us so well during my time at college. Kelly and crew were AMAZING! I loved that there was a bus stop right outside, I took it nearly every day on my way to class. Tons of fond
I love living at College Station. Upon move-in, the unit was clean and ready for us. New carpet was just put in and makes the space feel so cozy and just like home! Kelly is AMAZING!! She is quick to help, kind, and understanding. Kelly
If you are looking for a well priced apartment in a good area, come here!
I lived here for 2 years and loved it! The management team is always helpful and responsive, and I never had to wait long to have a maintenance request taken care of. If you're looking for somewhere nice, affordable, and well managed, College Station is for you!

I really liked my stay at College Station. When I first came here in June 2021, Kelly set the tone for the place for me by being flexible in when I could move in. That compassionate nature and flexibility hasn't changed in the 2 years I
The apartment is just what we were looking for: a humble place with rent in our budget. We have not had issues with appliances or anything else in the room. If we did, maintenance was there to fix it the same day or the next day if the request was made late. The manager is very kind and understanding. A great place to live!

I wanted to leave this review in response to Mr. Brannon..I would say that the management in College Station is more than wonderful. Anything that we have ever needed they have taken care of for us! His daughter was supposed to be moving in

Great place to live and close to campus! The 2 bedroom is a perfect size and affordable as well. Maintenance requests are taken care of quickly and efficiently. There are even places to store your bike and keep it protected from the weather. Overall an amazing place to live for college students!!

Great place to live. Apartments are nice. Management is super friendly and helpful.
College Station is a great place to live! I lived here for 3 years. The staff is great and they really care about their tenants! Maintenance has never been an issue, all requests have been made within a day! Perfect place for a college apartment😊
I have had such a wonderful experience living in college station. It is small and definitely college-town apartment living, but I have had such a positive experience with Kelly, Shannon and Shannon! I have heard so many horror stories of
College Station is a wonderful place to live. The property manager Sara works very closely with residents to make sure everyone is happy where they live. There is a great backyard space and there are pet-friendly buildings! Overall, I have had a great experience living here over the past year.
I live in a 5 bedroom apartment in College Station this year and really have no complaints. When my roommates and I first moved in we did have a few issues with the apartment, nothing out of the ordinary, but they were resolved in a timely
Very quick maintenance and friendly staff. Glad they removed the doors from the laundry rooms. The walls are thick and quiet. College apartments so people will somehow be loud through the walls. Really good with pets and provide trash cans and bags for pet friendly buildings.
When I moved into College Station Apartments, management was terrible. My roommates and I had put in several maintenance requests but they were never completed. But as soon as College Station hired a new maintenance worker, all of our
The new staff is amazing. They really want to get to know their tenants and they provide a lot of activities that people can get involved with, along with great gifts and prizes. Maintenance is wonderful, you will get whatever you need
Sarah and the staff are kind and friendly but poor effort was done for our apartment maintenance. The dishwasher detergent cap in our apartment is broken and for some reason they cannot fix that. So we have no dishwasher. Our cable does not
My experience living at College Station Apartment has been awesome! Right from signing my lease, Sara and her team have been phenomenon, endowed with exceptional customer service, good relationship management and easy to work with.
I would recommend living at college station. It is affordable, on the bus route to campus, clean, secure, and you get FREE cable/wifi! Management has improved significantly since TE Miller became the new owners. Easy access to bills,
I have lived at College Station for the last 2 years and overall I would say that I had a very good experience. When I moved in, it was still managed by Rent MSU and overall, they were average and just ok. After it changed to TE Miller, it
The new management is terrible. Maintenance takes way too long. We went without a dishwasher for about a month. Now there is a light out in the kitchen that has been out for over two weeks and has yet to be replaced. Our apartment was
I have lived at college station with some friends from freshman year for about 3 years now. We first lived in a 5 bedroom for the first 2 years and really enjoyed the space. We are currently living in a 4 bedroom. Sara (landlord) and the
Great and affordable place to stay during my time in college. Kelly is great in management and Shannon was very prompt in fixing any maintenance issues!
I had allot of issues with this property, ended up having my lease end early and I can't say I'm disappointed.
Big issues we had
If you want an affordable, decent enough sized apartment with friendly employees in a great location, look no further. College Station has all sizes of apartments. TE Miller has done a great job with the place! If you have a car, there is a
This is easily the worst place to rent in Mankato. The times I encountered the property manager she wasn't all that willing to talk me and my roommate, was totally unwilling to help us out when we had questions and always tells us to "check
Living in college station has been a good experience. My roommates and I haven't had any serious trouble with living here. Its very comfortable and safe for a good price. The employees here are great as well.
Do Not live here. This is my second year living here and this year is FAR worse than last year. Last year I lived on the third floor in a two bedroom apartment. It was pretty quiet and other than the management trying to come after me
There is not enough good things I can say about the property manager, Sara Gersemehl, and her staff!! She and her staff always greet you a smile and show you the best care. This past week we had a snowstorm that took over our parking lot.
The day my roommates and I moved in we knew we weren't going to be here next year. There is only one drawer in the entire apartment, no storage closets (besides in 2/3 bedrooms), and very minimal room. The living isn't entirely terrible
The price is very cheap, which is what attracted me to this place. Watch out though because everything in the apartment falls apart easily, the free Wi-Fi(IS STILL BAD WITH THE UPGRADE) is horrible, and parking was claimed free when we
The manager/management is AWFUL. My child had to get out of the lease BEFORE moving in, due to a family emergency out of state. They have treated us all HORRIBLY. What a terrible example of preparing teens to be adults. Demanding almost $2k
Do NOT live here!! I'm currently living here and have been extremely disappointed all year and it just continues! They will reel you in by showing you a really spacious model, when in reality what you get might as well be a shoebox.
Do not live here under any circumstances. I lived in College Station for 3 years and the old management was fantastic but the new management, TEMiller Developments, is absolutely, 100% awful. The property manager is incredibly rude
Used to be great under Rent MSU. I lived there for 2 years with no problems until TEMILLER took over and started nickel and diming all of their tenants. Beginning to charge for parking passes, useless key fobs, increasing laundry costs and stealing money from security deposits to name a few. Save yourself the hassle and live elsewhere.
The new management is great and tries very hard to get everything done at a decent time. Maintenance is always there either the day of or within 24 hours of calling in the problem! Great first college apartment!
I went to College Station to see what was coming available for my daughter for next year. The office staff was so friendly and helpful. I was able to meet the leasing specialist and the property manager and they were so friendly,
My roommates and I absolutely love College Station! The staff is incredible and we have decided to renew our lease for next year! I would highly recommend living here.
The leasing agent- Taylor- is very helpful with any questions that you have. The apartments are nicely kept up. Also rent is very reasonable compared to other places in the area. Over all its a great place to live.
Kelly Miller and the new staff have been wonderful and so very helpful this past year. They were able to help me with any questions I may have had. It is in the middle of most things and a short distance to the stores. The only thing Is
Would have given 0 stars if possible. “College Station” waits till right before move in date to start construction on the ONLY entrance to the entire complex. On top of that, we are living in the “age” of covid, AND online college. We were
Ever since the new management took over, I personally have had problem after problem with them. Our wifi NEVER works and are currently using the wifi from the people living below us, even after telling them since moving in, back in AUGUST,
Staff does a great job and the rent is affordable. I’m glad I got to stay here for 2 years.
Everyone that lived there were a lot of fun. Sara, Jennifer an Taylor are so very helpful. I would recommend renting here.
Less than 24 hour notice to remove vehicles for cleaning/snow removal. They also like to wait a week or so after snow storms to clear the parking lot, and at that point it is so bad you can't even leave. Grounds cleaning towards the back in the wooded area is completely ignored, with well over 100 articles of trash.
Great budget apartment with a staff team that will help you if you are willing to ask. Highly recommend this as a rental option !
I have lived here for some time now and i have never had any problem with the manager or maintenance. They both are so nice ti my roommates and I.
The price is the cheapest in town for all we get.
Easily the worst place I've ever lived. They hold your mail for periods of days so you don't have access to it. They NEVER answer the phone and don't call you back for several days when the reason for your call is no longer relevant. They
College station is great! Management is awesome! They all work hard constantly, always doing something to make the property the best it can be!
This year has been great, can't wait for the next three years. The manager and the maintenance person have been very good to my roommates and I. I recommend this to anybody because the prices are the cheapest around.
Great price for the quality! The staff is excellent! They will fix anything they need to and make it right for the residents. They are continuously updating and fixing things to make college station better.
I lived here the past year and I thought it was a great living experience. I loved the social/communal aspect as well as the attentive management. I met a lot of cool folks while living here. Cheers
I had a great time living at college station for the two years I was there. The staff was always very prompt about answering questions and maintenance requests.
i Put a one star cause that was the lowest rating i can ever give them. the worst management ever bad apartments . if u got a pet they will target you they will try to charge u e
Nice place, great deals for new tenants right now. The management really cares and has devoted a lot of energy to making this a great place to rent for students.
The staff was great touring the apartment and preparing me and my roommates for an apartment! Seems like a great place to live for a great price!
Will P.
I highly recommend College Station. Kelly and her staff are amazing. I have lived here for two years and I could not be any happier.
Good place to live! Great maintenance, owners remember who I am by name, and rent is cheap compared to other places in town!
It's one of the cheapest places but wow can you tell. The staff are nice but just dont waste your time. There is way, way too many problems here.
Good place to live if your a college student! Safe and secure
Great management and great location. Loved living here and will miss it dearly.
Don't live here unless you're really desperate.
Great place to live
worst place to live
