there is NOT a 24/7 courtesy officer like they advertise, my roomates and I got locked out of our unit for 2 hours in the cold and they never once contacted us or helped in any way. we had to find someone who worked there that’s not even in
The only things this place has going for it are its location near the campus, with bus routes making it easier to commute to campus, the facilities in the leasing building (mostly the gym and hangout area, as the pool was out of service for
We’re sorry to hear about your bad experience. We continually strive to exceed customer expectations, however, based on your review it sounds as though we fell short. These are serious maintenance and health concerns that should have been addressed as soon as possible, and we apologize for any delays or inaction. Please feel free to contact the Customer Service Department at 512-732-1099 to discuss these concerns in detail.

-Alex, Customer Service
I’ve been subleasing here for the summer for the past month and a half. Although the photographs of the apartments are fairly accurate, there are none of the entryway of the building which likely would have made me opt not to live here if I

If you wish to discuss your concerns in greater detail, please feel free to contact our corporate Customer Service team at 512-732-1099.

-Alex, Customer Service
Nice place with a very very bad management!! Like very, they’re unprofessional and very rude. They never keep up with their promises. I Will be showing some pictures of moving in situation where they claim the apartment to be ready. Places

I went to the summit to get a tour for an apartment for next year, and was very pleased to receive a wonderful tour from Daniel Walker. He answered all of my questions, and was very detailed. He made sure that I understood everything. On
Worst place ever with worst customer service!!! I got my keys around 3pm and came checked the house but it was really disgusting to step in. The mat is disgusting and it smells, the bedroom mattress was wet and dirty, the drawer was broken,

I lived here for one year. The unit was pretty good, I mean it's college housing so it's definitely not luxurious. They redid the floors in the units this year, while it looks nice and is scratch resistant, it's not as comfortable, gets
Niti was super helpful with the tour. Super nice and has good energy. Recommend her!
When I moved in, my unit's condition was unacceptable. The place was filthy,

We?re sorry to hear about that! Please feel free to contact our Customer Service Team at 512-732-1099 so we can discuss your review in detail.
Daniel took me on an amazing tour last week! He was very knowledgeable and answered all my questions and concerns. If I apply for the apartment, it would be because of him.
Absolutely would not live here ever again. Car got broken into at night as well as an "armed robbery" that occurred while I was a tenant (e-mail was sent out to everyone that lived in Summit and Jacob Heights however I never noticed an

I enjoy living at Summit! Maintenance is always quick, friendly, and very helpful. I like how close it is to Campus and how it is conveniently located. Our unit is very nice and clean! The office is always great too, offering many activities and free food to residents! Great place to live!
The place itself isn't bad but the communication between tenants and the phone representatives to the people who actually run it is terrible, I had let them know I would be a month late into rent but would be completely able to pay

The only thing that is nice about summit is being close to campus and kwik trip. They are insanely picky about what you have on your patio. When we moved in there were tons of burn marks on the carpet. The dishwasher is trash, not even

Daniel Walker showed me and my granddaughter apartment complex, and the information he shared was very informative and inspiring. Daniel was very welcoming and that truly helped us make our decision where to stay!
I currently live here at the Summit and I love it. I am planning on renewing my lease and staying here till I graduate from MNSU. Its close to campus plus there is a bus that comes every 15 minutes. The hot tub is also my favorite place to
This will be my 4th year living at Summit and I honestly can't say enough about it! I have loved living here and it is definitely home. The office staff has been fantastic. They will always be upfront with you. There are no hidden fees with
After living here 3 years, it’s very convenient to have everything included in the rent installments besides having to pay for everything separately. And the staff is pretty good at being responsive. I love that I can be close to campus and not have to worry about my own maintenance too!
I've lived here for 4 years now. This is my last year. Most of the good reviews are fake. When I first moved in my apartment was filthy. Management constantly changes and the current property manager Alison Kim is the worst manager by far!

If our front office management has not been able to fully address the issues on hand, or just feel that additional attention is required, please give our corporate Customer Service team a call at 512-732-1099, and we will be happy to assist further.

-Alex, Customer Service
Do not sign here, they trick you into thinking they pay for all utilities but if you end up living on the first floor you can pay up to 50 dollars extra a month!! At that point you might as well live in the Quarters for that price! Plus

Probably the worst college housing experience. Staff members are incompetent. So many hidden fees for the dumbest things ever. Lazy workers. I can’t believe I had to pay for amenities that i couldn’t use. The hot tub was not in use during my first year. You can find better places to live in Mankato. Do not settle for this place.

Cons: Unprofessional staff, they charge extra for EVERYTHING (Water, Gas,

DO NOT LIVE HERE! Horrible living environment. You are overcharged for everything. The apartments are dirty when you move in. We had stained carpets, old food in the microwave, and trash left from the tenants before. We then got charged on
Leasing office and staff have been extremely helpful in getting last minute housing arranged. Very friendly and professional. Daniel at the office was great with getting a lease sent over quickly and was able to answer all my questions and more when discussing unit options available.
Apartments look nice on the outside but inside are cheap and old. Dishwasher didnt work for the first 2 months of living there last year and maintaince was slow to replace it. The walls are so thin you can hear your neighbors across the

No one in their building is informed on their application rules. I had to call over 10 times over a 2 month period to constantly pester them over where my application was at and if my background was approved or not. At every step I was told

If you plan on moving here don’t! this place is absolutely horrible. my place was absolutely filthy when we moved in and the carpet was stained in a ton of places! they want you to make sure the place is super clean when you move out so

-Alex, Customer Service
The Summit was my first home away from my parents, and the staff was very welcoming and accommodating. Maintenance was always helpful, and the location to campus was great! I really liked that it was fully furnished and that all utilities were included in the rent. It's a good community for all!
Aside from the windows freezing in the winter, I have enjoyed my experience at the summit. The gym is usually in good shape and I have never had any problems with the equipment. One of the maintenance guys, Tony, is really friendly and
Management sucks and they are hypocritical about lease violations. I would not recommend living here.

This place isn't bad. I've lived there for more than 2 years, and this place is average. Don't read the reviews from these Safe-Space snowflake liberals, they just whine and complain about things not going their way and they think they are
lived here for the past 2 years and i have always had a good thing to say, however i soon found out my roommates were paying $40 less then me, when i tried to talk to someone about this i was told they do not negotiate even tho i signed my
If I could give this property 0 stars, I would. It is way overpriced and the management are all money hungry. They charge residents for anything possible. As for the apartments, the walls are paper thin and the carpet is never cleaned. We

For being my first apartment it was a great place to live! The staff was always so friendly in helping me with any questions in a timely manor! The gym and hot tub have been defintly great to have within walking distance for my apartment! If you're looking for a great place close to campus with friendly staff please apply!!
The Summit Apartment complex have been a great place to live. It provides residents with easy access to transportation to campus and other locations, nearby gas station, a clubhouse with different activities including a gym and hot tub.
I wouldn’t recommend this to anyone. Summit won’t do anything about any concerns you have, regardless of the severity. They have the dirtiest carpets. It has been almost two months since I moved in, and I walk into dirty, smelly, Disgusting

I’ve had a wonderful experience since moving into summit. We are conveniently close to campus so walking to and from class is never an issue. The staff here is friendly and communicates effectively when things change around the complex. Overall summit is an affordable and convenient place to live for sophmores, juniors, and seniors.
I like how everything is included in the apartment, it saved me money and time when moving in. I like the environment and how close it is to campus. A couple things I don't like is the parking should be bigger, the windows were made poorly
THEY STOLE ALL MY BELONGINGS !!! worth over $5000. 7 years ago I lived in this Apt. studying in Minnasota state uni. For about 5 months and had to travel home for the christmas but couldn't come back due to some problems in my country that

I would give zero stars if available. When you move in take pictures of EVERY LITTLE THING YOU FIND WRONG and have them sign off on it or they will F you over. Grease all over the kitchen walls, mold in the dishwasher, all floors were

The walls between bedrooms are unbelievably thin. You can hear literally everything anyone is doing at any point in the day. Doesn’t sound that bad, but having to listen to your roommate having intercourse clear as day gets kind of old. In
I lived there for undergrad then grad school, every time I had a problem I will put a work order online and it was being taking care right away. For the electricity bill you just to be careful with the AC and heat. I have never had any issue with employees, they were always nice to me. And I would get free coffee everyday.
Worst experience I've ever had. We moved in and the place was trashed, mold in my closet, smoke odor, many broken appliances, and our apartment flooded after maintenance was checking AC unit. They did not come for hours letting water flood
This is a wonderful and inexpensive place to live for a broke college student, such as myself.
Pros:The gym is a good little gym and is never crowded. Staff is mostly
I really enjoy living at The Summit. There's several reasons why I really like it. It's really close to school and if it's not walking season, there's a bus stop right there. I use the gym quite often and the Hot tub as well. The apartment
Summit is not a place i would ever consider living again, i signed a lease last minute. On move in day nothing was cleaned in my whole apartment, the carpets are awful, stained, the fan was never dusted, the showers were dirty,etc . When
Pros of living here:
Submitted 3 maintenance requests before I got so annoyed I had to go into the
We had our fraternity meeting at the clubhouse, sponsored by Summit and Jacob Heights. Daniel was extremely friendly, helpful, and even did all of the cleaning after we were done. We were given food, drinks, and had access to the amenities within the clubhouse for no charge. Great experience (would do again) and get Daniel a raise!
I lived here for 3 years and it was a good place to start out--even though they moved me into a filthy townhome and had to move me again within 2 weeks of moving in. At first they were helpful and if something broke they would fix it right
If i could give them less than one star, I would. This place is a complete joke. Everything in the apartments is disgusting and broken when you move in. We left it way cleaner and had things fixed before we moved out and we're still charged
The absolute worst place to live ever if only I was able to give this place zero out of five because that is what they really deserve, if even that. I would highly recommend anyone who even thinks about living there to run and find
I enjoy living here at summit very much! It is very quiet here and I love all of the accommodations of a hot tub, free gym and activities. Everytime I have a question about something they respond within a day over email. Lots of parking is also a plus for myself and my guests. I would recommend summit and Jacob heights for anyone!
Way too expensive for the kind of treatment you recieve. Our water heater was broken for nearly a month before they came to fix it. I only lived there for a few months (luckily) and when I moved out they charged me for $180 in damages. Summit cares more about luring in new tenants than caring about the ones who are there.
got locked out of my room while all my roommates were gone for most of the night. I sent two emails on the main summit website and even followed the directions to contact an "24/7 on call staff" but got two voice mails. I called twice and
We moved into disgusting, stained carpet, musty showers with black rust (also in
Don't move in to Jacob or Summit. They have horrible management. They don't explain the random utilities fees every month. Half of the appliances don't work on move in day. They are really slow to answering maintenance requests. Over all horrible place to live there are plenty of places to live in

-Alex, Customer Service
If I didn't have to give at least one star, I wouldn't have. I wish I would have listened to the reviews on this place before I chose to live here. Absolutely hated it. Worst apartment complex in Mankato, don't be fooled by it's "awesome
I moved into Summit my Junior year and have spent over a semester here. So far I love it. It is on the pricier side when it comes to other apartments near the MNSU campus but it does come fully furnished so it's worth it. It's spacious and
Management is lazy and does not care about their renters. Didn't even bother cleaning our apartment in Jacob Heights when we moved in. They refuse to fix important issues such as backed up sewers because "it is not our job to deal with blockages per page 5 of your lease agreement." Look elsewhere for housing.
It is unfortunate to hear of your bad experience. We strive to continually exceed customer expectations, however, based on your experience it sounds as though we fell short. Please feel free to contact our Customer Service Department at 512-732-1099 to discuss your Google review.
Don't go here. I have contacted maintenance at least four times about a mold problem. The first time they said they cleaned it but they didn't. The next time they only cleaned the mold off the windows(did a horrible job, didn't even clean
I've given them chance after chance and they still have found new ways to screw me. I'm not even moved in yet... I tried to see what move in dates were available for a 3 bedroom. Got told I could get in July 1st. Go to get the lease
Summit has offered me a great experience here in my sophomore year! It has enabled me to live very close to my friends comfortably and at an affordable rate! Also it's a major convenience being so close to campus while having the freedom of living on my own.
If I could this place would get an F. Moved our student in last week and the place was disgusting. There is no way this place was cleaned before they moved into Summit. We aren't expecting the Taj Mahal but come on. There will be a call into the State Dept of Health!

-Alex, Customer Service
They will find anyway possible to get money out of you. Apparently they can go into your place without anyone being home and look around, which might make people a little uneasy (Happen to us). It all looks nice and is near campus, but the
Everything in the apartment is cheap and breaks easy. A lot of damage in the apartment before moving in. They will charge you for outrageous fees at the end of your lease. HEAD MANAGEMENT IS RUDE and takes forever for maintenance to fix things. Sorry excuse for apartments
Worst management I have ever experienced.
If I could give them a negative number I would. My son was forced to set up a time to move in and when he got there, let me tell you I have seen cleaner homeless camps. called to tell them it has not been cleaned and still waiting 4 hours
Don’t clean up after previous tenants. Staff is rude. Disorganized and confusing move in process. Advertise that everything including gas and electric is included in the rent, but 3 months later you’ll get spam called/emailed why you haven’t been paying your utility bills. Probably because we were never told to!
Lisa Marie was Super helpful and so nice!
I would never suggest to anyone to live here. Horrendous place to live and way over priced. Management will not help you whatsoever and will try to charge you for every little thing. There are plenty of places with the same amenities that are much better.
Travis, our maintenance guy, is super professional and helpful. Knows exactly what to do and helps us keep the apartment in good shape. 👌👌
Travis was so helpful with the maintenance problems in our apartment after the floors were redone! Super nice and friendly and did exactly what he told us he’d do!!
Overall great place, everything is included which is extremely ideal for the college student.. If you keep it clean and organized, it is a pretty nice space to live in.. The office has great hours and is helpful!
The maintenance guy that came to fix my apartment, Travis did a very good job. I was happy that I had to write a review about it.
Apartments are filthy when you move in. Electric bills are higher than expected, probably because of the uninsulated windows. Close to campus and friendly maintenance staff.
Not only has our ceiling leaked 4 times without anything being done about it, we have also being grossly overcharged for literally everything else. If you value your life and your money, do not live here.
the quality of the apartments are good for the price and the mateniance staff is all very good at responding in a timely manner and the staff is also very good at responding and fixing problems
Terrible management that loves to hand out illegitimate charges along with overcharging for crappy apartments. Don't make the mistake and sign with them.
Great place to live! Sam Kirby was of great help when we needed anything!
Lisa Marie was extremely helpful is answering any and all questions I had.
Joel did a fabulous job fixing our dishwasher! Super fast and friendly service!
Easy to paybills, free gym use and friendly staff, haven’t had any problems living here.
Lisa Marie was perfect! Thank you so much again :)
The maintenance man was really nice, and was able to solve the problem with our dryer!
