It's a great place to live in as MNSU student, a comfortable house, private bathroom, great amenities, quick maintenance team, and a safe environment. However, it gets loud and random on weekends.

The fact that College Town has “4.4” out of five stars right now is comical. There is always trash all over the place, glass in the road (my car got a flat tire last year because of it), and recently dangerous activity on weekends. Wouldn’t recommend moving here!
We also encourage residents to report any safety concerns or suspicious activity immediately so we can respond quickly. Your feedback helps us identify areas where we can improve, and we appreciate you taking the time to share it.

As a parent, I would not recommend. The staff is great and I love the concept. I was not happy with security. My daughter’s place was broken into twice over two years. One of the two times, the girls were home. There are too many

New management sucks. You have to wear wrist bands to live in your own place as well as having to wait in a 12 car line when you’re just trying to go to bed. Would rate worse if I could. Will not be returning next year and I hope nobody else does either.

We’re continuously evaluating ways to make the community an enjoyable place for all residents. If you have any additional concerns or need assistance, please contact our office. Thank you!
The space in the houses are great, and I love the bathrooms in every bedroom! The maintenance is great and timely with issues. Clubhouse staff are all very friendly and interactive! However, rent has gone up $150 per month since I first
We’re committed to maintaining a secure and comfortable environment for all residents and appreciate your feedback as it helps us continue to improve. If you’d like to discuss your experience further, please don’t hesitate to reach out to our office. Thank you!
Love living here. Very quiet & clean. Close to campus. The people who work in the clubhouse are very helpful and willing to answer any questions you may have and the maintenance staff is very quick to fix any issues we have with the house aswell!

I have had nothing but good experience here! All the people are great, maintenance is wonderful I overall love and would definitely recommend to someone. It has multiple amenities like a pool, hot tub, gym. It has a lounging area, a pool table and a study area. They have wonderful staff as well

Such a great place to live! I love the amenities, maintenance is always helpful and the staff plans a lot of fun stuff for residents to partake in! I would recommend living here to anyone.

they won’t let us have gathering OUTSIDE of more than 5 people, we need to show ID to even get passed the gate, the won’t let us have more than 2 people over for a whole weekend.
Management is not good . I feel unsafe without Collegetown security actively working as they actually care multiple times of cops not shown up when they have been called and we have fake security driving around all the time not doing
Regarding the concerns you mentioned, we have collaborated closely with the local police department, city officials, corporate leadership, and a third-party security company to address incidents and ensure the community is properly monitored. Police response is required by law, and we work alongside them whenever any issues are reported. Our security team actively responds to situations and takes resident concerns seriously to assess and address them promptly.

The staff and community is so welcoming! Maintenance has always been helpful and on top of it. Not only is college town the perfect college atmosphere, but they truly care about their residents!

Been living here for 2 years! The staff is incredibly helpful and I love that they encourage residence to be apart the team as well! The hot tub is a big bonus!

I’ve lived at college two years now and have loved it! The summers are so fun with the pool and volleyball court and I’ve truly not had any problems with my house! And love having my own bathroom!

They are being proactive about the issues that have happened in the neighborhood, I would say that the only issue I have is that I want to be able to hangout with my friends on weekends and since we are only allowed two guests for weekends
We’re happy that you’re happy! Thank you for taking the time to leave us a positive review.

College town is a fun place to live with great amenities and awesome staff! Several options for number of rooms and love to live in a space where each roommate gets their own bathroom.
Thanks for the 4 stars! We appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback.

Great amenities and awesome community. I have absolutely loved living here and think everyone should live here at least one year in college. It’s the best time of your life!!

No functional gate system so security is forced to stay at the gates checking to make sure if people are residents or not instead of being able to help residents, meanwhile people can just hop over the walls and be hoodlums anyways. maybe
Rip off, poor services, pot holes, appliances, not properly addressing the multiple issues that continue to get worse. Driving thru your parking lot is the worse part of my day, not only are you responsible for robbing my this year, but for
Thanks for the 5 stars! We appreciate you taking the time to share your feedback.

I love living at College Town! There are so many benefits being a part of this community. The clubhouse has great amenities to use and is always very clean. There are always fun events in the clubhouse, pool parties in the summer, and it is

Love College Town. It has been such a nice place to live and I highly recommend it. I believe it is a must have experience to live here if you go to school at MNSU. Any time I have an issue, the maintenance team is immediately on top of it.
I’ve lived here for 3 years, and I wouldn’t want to live anywhere else! The management is fantastic, the maintenance team is great, and I have thoroughly enjoyed all the amenities.

College town is a great place to live as a college student. The amenities are amazing and the staff and everyone in the clubhouse is very kind and so helpful. A great opportunity is that you can have your house as a show unit which comes with great perks as well. loved living here the past two years!
Living in College Town has been one of the best experiences in my college career! One of my favorite things about living in college town is the clubhouse because of all the awesome amenities it has. There is a pool, hot tub and so many fun events held! The staff have always been so nice and helpful. I would highly recommend living here!
Our daughter lives in College town and we have been happy with her experience. It’s a safe environment, with close proximity to campus. She enjoys all the amenities the clubhouse has to offer, pool, hottub and tanning. Also the perks such
We love to hear that you have such a positive experience with our staff and that you love the activities we have going on at the property. Thank you for taking the time to leave us a review.
I have lived in College Town for 3 years now and it has been so much fun. You get your own room & bathroom. You will definitely not be disappointed. The houses are all unique and spacious! The community is very fun and there is some great amenities included! HIGHLY RECOMMEND!!!!!
I have loved my time at College Town. The property is well kept for most of the time and administration has been extremely helpful. The other day both of the CAs, Holly and Madi, at the front desk answered all of my questions carefully and
College town is a great place to live and work! I like the staff and team they have and the amenities are a very big bonus with living here. I have lived here 2 years and compared to surrounding living options it is one of the best.

why are the police always there this year? college hadn't even started and there's been multiple incidences ??? do NOT let your kids live here!!!
I would rate it 0 stars if that was an option. I lived there for 3 years and it went down hill very fast and very quick. Management is awful, never respond to emails or calls. Most don’t even give a number besides the main RentMSU number.

We love to hear everything that you love about College Town. Thank you for taking the time to let us know!
Love having my own bathroom and lots of living space with my friends. And the maintenance and clubhouse people are really chill and helpful
We’re happy that you’re happy! Thank you for taking the time to leave us a positive review.

Living in College Town was one of the more decent living experiences I have had in Mankato. I lived with three other girls and the houses were nice and the overall property was always kept clean of garbage with the lawns mowed. The staff is
The CA's, Maddie and Holly, do a great job at attending to their jobs and the needs of College Town! They handle working with each resident with respect and a smile on their face! Great workers!
Houses are built very poorly for the amount of money you pay per month. I live with 4 very well kept, clean girls, and our house is falling apart. The doors are always messed up because the house "shifts." It has been a constant problem
I don’t even live in College Town but the workers there are exceptional! I had the pleasure of talking with Maddi, one of the CAs at College Town. She is always so nice to me and even let’s me spend the night at her house when I need it.
Living in College Town has been the best decision regarding student housing I have made since moving to Mankato in 2014. Every aspect of living in this community has been positive. The amenities that come with this place are among the best
