Highland Hills apartments

Your_New_Dad16
Do not rent there.

They took $400 from my deposit because my “roommate” (separate leases) didn’t move out on time. We literally didn’t even know each other.

There are lots of robberies, and too much noise.

Avoid them and avoid Atwood management as well.

litfam87
My friend’s roommate stole a bunch of stuff from him and he told management about it and told them exactly who it was and where they were in management didn’t do anything about it. If you guessed that the management was Atwood you would have guessed correctly..

Your_New_Dad16
Same shit happens at highland

“Oh we can’t help with roommate issues” when it’s literally her refusing to pay utilities, or when she broke into my room, or when the cops came looking for her multiple times, or when she would “forget her keys” and bang on the front door at 2 in the morning waking up the whole damn building.

But for some reason they emailed me when she complained that I put chicken in the shared freezer. Apparently me putting food in the shared freezer is a bigger issue than all of that.

EDIT: am I ACTUALLY getting downvoted for not liking hypocrisy?? Y’all are wild 🤦‍♂️

DrBoogerFart
Dude I hate to defend a landlord but…..A landlord isn’t responsible for your roommate eating your cereal man.

Your_New_Dad16
It wasn’t a landlord?? It was management

But somehow they could tell me not to put chicken in the shared freezer

They also told me they couldn’t do anything when she BROKE INTO MY LOCKED ROOM and tore it up and broke my fan

And they couldn’t do anything when the cops came looking for her multiple times

It’s the hypocrisy that bothers me, because how are they gonna tell me that they can’t help, but when my roommate complained that I have food in the shared freezer they chose to email me about it?

DrBoogerFart
Your roommate walks out, the cops are called, what is your landlord supposed to do? You rented the apartment. They aren’t your parents. You kind of remind me of this lady.

Your_New_Dad16
Bro for the last time there wasn’t a landlord

DrBoogerFart
Bro. There is no difference in this case. The person or group you rent from isn’t responsible for personal disputes that happen at your place bro.

Your_New_Dad16
That’s not the part I’m frustrated about FFS

I’m frustrated because they’re hypocrites

Clearly you didn’t read how they did in fact get involved when my roommate had an issue

Gasmask134
I lived there a few years in college

It very much is a "you get what you pay for"

I never had any real problems living there other than the buildings being old and coming with the quirks of old buildings

But they tend to be cheap, but again, you get what you're paying for

dwilds35
So I’ve always lived down Warren Street in the Highland Park neighborhood my whole life and honestly, I would look elsewhere. I know about some very very sad things that have happened there. The people who live there are either people in college or not very nice people. there’s a lot of car break-ins over there And just crazy stupid things that happened that shouldn’t happen and if I had another piece of advice for you I know they’re managed by Lloyd I believe stay away from Lloyd management. They’re nothing but stuck up assholes that make a big deal out of everything and the apartments alone are not very nice. You can hear everything they’re always hot. A couple of the apartments I could you not smell like straight up death. But I know the Warren Flats they’re pretty good. They’re also freshly built and I would also stay away from college town. You can do what you want, but I’ve lived in the area my whole life so I decided I would give you a little bit of advice. Hopefully, you can find this information useful.

UrsaUrsuh
Everyone I know highly advises against Highland and Atwood. Don't take those guys if you don't have an out plan and/or if you care whether you get to keep your safety deposit.

micahisnotmyname
I would not recommend there unless you’re a broke college student that doesn’t have a better option.

WarmWish6960
As someone who is just renting a one bedroom there (no roommates), it’s ALMOST bare minimum. I didn’t get the best looking apartment of my floor when I moved in and that’s kind of my only downside. It tends to be a little sketchy though so I would recommend some kind of protection (for you, your vehicle, pets, etc.). As I’ve seen people say in the comments, you are getting what you pay for with the price and its perk of living by campus. Just my opinion though 🤷‍♀️

Rich-Cryptographer-7
I used to live there. Go elsewhere it isn't worth it. I had numerous issues ranging from bad roommates to gas leaks, and roach infestations.

You will only be able to view a display unit, which will look nothing like your actual unit. You are also able to only see a display unit for the 4 person units, and not for the one bedroom units. Maintenance sucks, and the apartments are old and poorly maintained- to warm in the summer, and freezing- even with the heat pumping in the winter time. The hallways are generally not cleaned, and snow and ice will pile up in the winter time.

Hopefully you have long boots, you will need them.

They also charge you for everything, but they won't bother to fix anything/clean anything from the previous tenants. I had cracking sheetrock, and mold+ cockroaches in my one bedroom unit, and they only did something about the roaches.

Go elsewhere, and save yourself the hassle. Avoid atwood management, lloyd management, and maybe connect.

Omalleysblunt
Great place to party though. I lived there 6 years ago and we treated that place like a honkey tonk. I’d never live there again though lol

Latls
Was there for 3 years and have been out since february (paid 2 rents until july just to gtfo of highland) and still have nightmares about the management and neighboring renters

Ragnarok0409
I may be a little late to this, but im currently living in Bunting Lane Apartments. Its actually great here!

Everytime ive had a maintenance request, its been solved within 1 or 2 days.

They're adding new carpets and a lot of the rooms are newly renovated (like mine!)

The only con I can think of is the washer and dryer are $1.75 each, but there isnt any wait to use them, at least when I had to..

thedudeman1256
I lived in highland for two years. For sure you get what you pay for. Unless you’re a handy person you’re going to be waiting on maintenance for weeks unless you light a fire under their ass. Aside from that the only issues I had were with my roommates being assholes and my neighbors being inconsiderate with noise. I didn’t have any issues with crime but I also kept my car/apartment as nondescript as possible because of the neighborhoods reputation. I also lived in college town for a year right after. It’s definitely an improvement in unit quality but for the price and neighbors that come with that. It’s not worth it in the slightest. Unless you are into having a drunk idiot passed out on your couch because your dumbass roommate forgot to lock the door. Currently in Huntington hills. Much better management, neighbors, unit quality. It’s just as close as highland to campus (just at the bottom of the hill) but far quieter. If they have units available (unfortunately I don’t think that’s the case) I’d go with them.

ThePlaguedHero
From what I've been told, if your getting a roommate, MAKE SURE YOU KNOW YOUR ROOMMATE. For all that is good, don't room with a stranger or someone you've only known for less than a month. Also, the safety deposit is just an extra cost to your apartment honestly. Other than that, you should be fine.

DragonfruitOpen4496
I've heard nothing good about college town.

Your_New_Dad16
That’s not college town…

Ragnarok0409
Mankato is considered a college town because of the 5 different colleges/universities in the area...

Your_New_Dad16
Um… I’m talking about the neighborhood that everyone refers to as college town.

You know, the one that everyone has been fist fighting in? Highland hills is NOT college town, because it’s highland hills.

Get your facts straight before trying to correct someone else 🤦‍♂️
