The grove
I might be signing a lease at the grove and I want to hear what it’s like

biltrewards

Unboxing the brand new Bilt Obsidian Card to earn the richest rewards. Terms apply.

ZeroPlanet24
Overall it’s fine

My girlfriend and I have had a pretty bad experience however. When we moved in, the apartment was not cleaned at all (they outsourced their cleaning to a cleaning company). Like the range hood was caked in grease, the vents were/are full of dust and stuff, closet doors and bathroom mirrors missing, mildew on the ceilings, blinds missing, and one of the light fixtures was hanging off the ceiling.

Their payment system is fairly weird. They offer the ability to pay through their website but also offer the ability to pay through a 3rd party called Flex. My girlfriend wanted to pay through flex and I wanted to pay through the grove website. So we set it up accordingly and the grove ended up double charging us 2 months in a row and would not let us get a refund unless we paid $30 to the bank. It’s just a weird system and very annoying.

Lastly, maintenance and the management in charge of maintenance requests are not super good at their job. I am more pointing towards the management side as there are only 2 or 3 maintenance guys for the whole place. Anyways, we have put countless requests in throughout the 5ish months we have lived here and not many were fulfilled. Multiple times they have been closed without being fulfilled and multiple times the maintenance guys have completely forgot to complete the requests. For example: our closet doors were broken when we moved in so we put a maintenance request in for them to be replaced/put back on the closest. Well the maintenance guys came almost immediately, but ended up not putting the doors on and leaving the broken ones (I don’t remember why exactly they left, I think they ended up saying they would get new doors or something). So we put those doors in the hallway and they were there for about 3 months. Also they left a ladder in our apartment for a month lol

Overall, I think my girlfriend and I got the short end of the stick as our friends and others we know haven’t had any real issues.

pinkpaintball
My boyfriend and I have had all of these same issues with the grove (minus the double charge for rent) so definitely not just the short stick!

tarbaby16
What do you mean by double charge?

pinkpaintball
Zeroplanet24 said that the groves website double charged their rent after starting flex payments and wouldn't refund the extra charge unless they made another $30 payment. I do flex payment where my boyfriend pays his rent normally and we have never had this issue.

We have had almost every other issue the previous commenter had on top of other things. Biggest issues being slow maintenance and poor communication with management.

One time we put a maintenance request in for our washer because it had a strange odor, long story short they didn't respond to the request for over a week and then marked it completed (no one had been to our apartment or communicated with us) we went two weeks without a washer waiting for a response before I got in touch with someone who said that is not a maintenance issue (they do not do "cleanings" when an apartment is currently occupied) and I needed to drain the washer myself. I ended up doing this and found last tenants items inside the washer. This was probably the worst issue I've had at the grove so far.

pinkpaintball
Also when it comes to the hot tub, it hasn't worked in probably 4-5 years (at least for more than maybe month), the pool closes at least once a month (mostly due to people brining glass in), and the gym equipment is hit or miss for when it's operating. This was upsetting to me because I chose to live in an apartment to have the amenities and they aren't that great here.

tegridyfarmstowelie
First to preface I'm planning on moving to the grove in August, my boyfriend and a roommate live here however I usually visit on the weekends. I'll start with the bad First off I wasn't here for this but when they moved in apparently it was not very clean, I will attest that I did have a smell for a little bit along with the fact that we could tell a dog was living here before as there was dog hair found. Secondly maintenance is definitely something, they've come a few times and accomplished what needed to be done but sometimes it would take awhile. Along with the fact that for like the first month of living here someone's shower door was just sitting in the hallway lmao. But yk they actually showed up. It's kind of annoying when they do snow removal, the first time we experienced it they sent a text about it mere minutes before the snow removal service was here.but they did post it up on the doors prior to it. But here's the main basis, all cars in a certain lot have to be removed from let's say 9am to 3pm and sometimes you can park elsewhere but other times other lots overlap. Fun thing is if you still have your car there it'll be towed, now the first time this happened we experienced a handful of people's cars not starting (including mine.) We got told by some of our neighbors that apparently if you have the parking permit (which is a little sticker you get upon move in) then I'll be moved elsewhere in the lot, but if you don't have such you'll be taken to the tow lot. Which you do not want to mess with lol. However it is very worth dealing with this hassle as sometimes the snow would be up to my head in-between the cars (I'm 5'6") which is usually only a day of dealing with this. There are definitely some quirks about the place, my bf's shower door occasionally gets stuck, the washer and dryer sound like they're taking off along with slowly moving out of the closet they're in. The blinds for the glass sliding door are falling off and occasionally hearing people parting at 12am on a Wednesday.

Now to the good, regardless of all these quirks and slight inconveniences the grove is fairly decent. When we were doing the application process for me to move here into August we went to the office for help with this and they were very helpful and they'll usually answer the phone when you call their office. They have so many things other than just the apartment such as a lounge with a pool table and foosball table, free to use printer, popcorn maker that occasionally has free popcorn and TVs you can access and control through your phone. They also have a gym which is pretty basic but it does the job. A pool (outdoor) which we only went to a couple times but was nice when we went, they do also have a hot tub but it's been closed since we've toured so we haven't used it yet. Their insulation must be insane, it's January and the heat has not been put on yet. I know it sounds crazy but let me tell you as long as we've got blankets on even sometimes heated ones it's really not even cold. Overall it's a decent apartment, there's never been a moment where any of us have hated it here, it has its quirks but that's to be expected in a college town where you're trying to be cheap. We really enjoy it as we'll play pool sometimes when we haven't left in a few days, it's quite carefree here as we've only interacted with neighbors during snow removal and that was when we were helping people jump their cars and all of them were very nice and fun to talk to. You know it's not like it's a 5 star hotel but it's definitely not as if you feel unsafe. It's basic in a positive way! And I'm excited to be moving here myself in August!

Beneficial-Owl3541
I lived there for two years, not worth it. They go up in rent every year despite never updating the appliances. We had laundry in unit, but the room didn’t have proper ventilation and the ceiling paint would fall off onto the floor. No solution for that. Many issues with the stove, was told that I would need a new one and it was “ordered”- never came. Also, the pool closes often for maintenance and their hot tub never works
