Moving to Mankato Soon - Looking for an affordable place to live!
Hello all!

I will soon be moving to Mankato to start studying as a graduate student at MNSU. I will be working as an assistant there and will rely solely on the stipend they provide which is roughly $750

My question is as follows, what are some good affordable places to live on that budget? I'd love to hear some previous experiences or some current ones!
So far, after extensive research, I have one option at University Square Apartments (expensive! ~$550/m) and two cheaper options at Highland Hills Apartments (North & Elm Tree Court respectively).
Do you have any preference for those?

Also do you have any recommendations at all whether or not it's related to housing? e.g. for food, stuff to do, places to hang out, where to meet new people, etc.

anthropic-ai

Claude Code doesn’t just write code. It helps you think through trade-offs and build with confidence.

theneon-void
I would personally not recommend Highland Hills. I lived there for 2 years, in Highland North, and did not enjoy my time. The apartment was okay, but overpriced (I lived in a 4 bedroom, 2 bath). But the part that made me REALLY dislike like it was the management. They were very unhelpful if there was ever a problem or you needed maintenance. Also, I feel there was a lack of care/upkeep with the buildings. During the winter the parking lots are very seldom plowed, and the sidewalks are never salted and always very icy. Overall, yes, it’s one of the cheaper places to live and close to campus, but I would chose to live elsewhere if you have the option.

Dothewatootsay
I lived in highland for 1 year about 7-8 years ago.

Lived in a one bedroom with my gf. We had issues with maintenance. On move on day for us we had them investigate a gas leak, they arrived with a standard cigarette lighter and preceded to walk around the apartment holding the lite lighter to ever gas pipe and appliance they could find, said they found nothing, and attributed it to nobody living in the unit for the past year and a half (we called BS instantly). We could still smell the gas but left for the rest of the say with windows wide open to air it out

The next day we had headaches after maybe an hour after returning, we called the gas company as specified in the highland hills maintenance voice message as it was a weekend. When the gas company came the found levels of gas over 10 times what we should be, the maintenance department got mad at us for calling the gas company.

My GFs car was also about 10 seconds from getting towed because "she didnt have a permit to park there" (there was a snowstorm which covered all the cars). They just started towing all the vehicles they could (never bothered to move the 2 inches of snow on the windshield where is where they made everybody put the permits at the time) so they could clear the parking lots. My gf actually had to prove that her car had the permit inside it and that her key turned the car on before they would unhook the car from the tow truck so she could go to work that day.

I would agree that the parking lots were rarely plowed. I think outside of winter break maybe 1 time they cleared them. We had several good size snow falls that winter.

Also the ceiling/floors/wall were pretty thin. Upstairs neighbors had a party and I could see our ceiling bunch about 3 inches as they were jumping and dancing around. You could very easily hear the neighbor's, and smell their cooking/smell of their clothing.

Where ever you go take photographic evidence of any and ALL damage and test every outlet which is there when you move in. Do this before moving anything in. Highland tried to blame us for a few items but I had taken pictures (which were date and time stamped to prove it was there before hand) and written it on the inspection sheet. They didn't believe me till I showed them the pictures.

ucanmakeusernamelong
hope it doesn't happen to me when i move out. they suck here

Panzer_Ash
I was looking at the very same apartment you were talking about, it's just that my options are very limited given my tight budget, so I feel like I'm playing Russian roulette (which I loathe :'D)

theneon-void
It’s by no means a terrible living situation, it’s just not my first (or second choice), but the reason I lived there was because of the price, so I understand

Panzer_Ash
Alright got it, Well, I'll do some more research and maybe I'll show you the options I have so you can give me a recommendation! Thanks!

theneon-void
No problem! I’ve also lived at Live Active apartment complex (which is right by Highland), so if you need any info about them just let me know

ucanmakeusernamelong
ayo highland sucks im living there rn lol

Calyrica
You might not have a lot of choices for housing at this point. Many students sign leases months in advance, and we're already in June. The mess that is student housing is why I lived at home throughout all of college at MSU. And most decent non-student apartments are more expensive than a mortgage, so if you plan to stick around after finishing your program, you might want to think about how you want that to look.

The cheapest grocery store in town is Aldi, but it's also the smallest. You need to bring your own bags as well, as they don't have plastic or paper bags.

Depending on what you like to do, we have a fair bit of things going on. I'm a nerd, so I frequent the Dork Den for their Magic the Gathering events. They also do Yu-Gi-Oh, Pokemon, and can help you find DnD/Pathfinder/etc groups. Otherwise, Sibley Park and Rassmussen Woods are probably the best wildlife areas. If you like biking around town, we're not a very bike-friendly town, even though we have bike lanes everywhere. The drivers here are notoriously bad.

Also, one of the biggest roads by campus, Stadium Road, is going to have some road work soon to put in another roundabout. That may make things difficult for you depending on where and when you move in. I used to take this road myself to campus every day (I work on campus full time) before this stay-at-home period.

One last note: the internet services around here are surprisingly not great for the size of the city we have. I have friends on the small towns around us that have better internet for the same or better price that we pay. I would take advantage of internet on campus at work as much as possible because of that.

guiltycitizen
Per the last note: steer clear of Consolidated Communications

Panzer_Ash
Thank you so much for that informative comment!

Firstly,

You might not have a lot of choices for housing at this point.

I realized that, I have very limited options, but I am trying to make the best out of my options. I will see what I can do regarding my situation, and a special thanks for the internet note!

I will be working on campus as well, so hopefully I'll be able to make use of the internet.

IcyWaffl
Definitely make sure the place has spectrum, consolidated is trash and a lot of apt’s have contracts with them

theneon-void
River Rocks, Coffee Hag, and the Fillin’ Station are great local coffee shops to study/hang out.

Coffee hag and the wine cafe (both on Riverfront) also have live music/comedy often

Panzer_Ash
Thank you for all your input!

theneon-void
No problem! I’ve been here awhile, and I still attend MSU, so if you have any other questions let me know!

Panzer_Ash
Definitely, I'll shoot you some more soon! ♥️

Unboxing the brand new Bilt Obsidian Card to earn the richest rewards. Terms apply.

guccifloormats
get a place downtown on the 2 route and don’t worry about parking and be within walking distance of the good parts of Mankato just my two cents

itsamberbitch
College station is cheap! They can roommate match as well.

Dont do it lol

DaveCootchie
This link should help you a lot.

Rest4TheWicked
Highland 5 bedroom is (I believe) the cheapest option in Mankato right now. $295 a month, and you split electric, gas, & internet if you choose to get it with your other roomates (usually between $50-$70 a month for you if you keep the temp at 70. Because it is a 5 bedroom setup, you get assigned random roommates unless you request to move in with others. Security deposit is also really cheap. The downfalls are the random roommates, maintenance is okay at best, and sound travels through the floors of the buildings (so maybe ask for a top floor apartment if this is an issue for you).
