The Summit & Jacob Heights
1.2 (26 reviews)
The Summit & Jacob Heights - The Summit & Jacob Heights -  Exterior - Mankato, MN
The Summit & Jacob Heights - The Summit & Jacob Heights | Gazebo - Mankato, MN
The Summit & Jacob Heights - The Summit & Jacob Heights | Amenity - Mankato, MN
The Summit & Jacob Heights - Mankato, MN
The Summit & Jacob Heights - The Summit & Jacob Heights -  Sand Volleyball Court - Mankato, MN
The Summit & Jacob Heights - The Summit & Jacob Heights -  Recreation Center - Mankato, MN

Live close, live college at The Summit and Jacob Heights. Get the lifestyle you want at Mankato State
with our fully furnished off campus student apartments near MNSU, featuring private bedroom and
bathroom floor plans, state-of-the-art fitness center, and Academic Success Center!

Yelp users haven’t asked any questions yet about The Summit & Jacob Heights.

Apartments for Rent

Start your review of The Summit & Jacob Heights

Andres V.
Worst apartment complex I've ever experienced. Move in was a disaster, apartment had mouse droppings, and completely dirty when we had to wait 16 days for them to "clean the apartment". Had to pay full rent as well during that month. Pool was broken for way over half my lease duration. The amount of fees just to pay for rent, insurance and etc. was absurd, $9-15 fees just to make any payment online. Worst part is difference in rent depending on how lucky you get basically. I got the short end of the stick with 614, I knew multiple people who paid 510-520 for the same unit I was in (four person, 2 bath) Might I add I was hit once AND side scraped in my OWN parking lot with no cameras to get evidence. Worst showcase of college greed I've ever seen, higher ups are actually evil

American Campus Communities A.

Hey Andres, thank you for providing us with feedback of your experience at The Summit. Please feel free to contact the Management Office or our Customer Service Department at 512-732-1099 if you have any additional details you'd like to add or if there's something we can do to help. Thank you. – Ashley H. [Customer Service]

Bender T.
DO NOT STAY HERE IF YOU ARE IMPAIRED IN ANY WAY, this is a place for people who are able-bodied, and won't get headaches from loud neighbors. Heater is loud as a jet engine, same with the washer and dryer. They make the electric bill needlessly separate from rent. Neighbors combined with rocking chairs makes this place impossible to live quietly in, and if you call in about noisy neighbors, they won't do anything. Not to mention, WHEN MOVING IN I had to clear the place of cobwebs and dust myself WHEN I WAS USING A CANE TO WALK. This is not a place for people who respect themselves.

American Campus Communities A.

Carter K.
If you're looking to live a life of rot, you have found the place! From the black mold that grows out of the windowsills in the bedrooms, to the rat that was loose in the air vents... they have it all! Do not let the tour of the building fool you. They will take you into a room that has never been used that is fully furnished, decorated, and looks amazing. They will even go so far as to offer you tasty treats from the refrigerator and freezer on the tour. Upon moving in to the apartment, there was a thick layer of dust covering the ceiling fan that obviously has never been cleaned, but it's interesting because upon move out, they give you a big list of things to clean and threaten you with a $300 cleaning fee if the items on the list are not cleaned. How about the refrigerator that was making a rattling noise half the time we were there? Not a problem for them though because they're still collecting our $500 rent per month! Also, all of the hallways and stairwells smelt terribly bad! Don't you just love corporate greed

Someone is ought to call the Health Department

American Campus Communities A.

Macy M.
This is a company that takes advantage of college students and charges you random fees and don't tell you why. Maintenance just comes in while they are knocking instead of waiting for you to answer the door. There was someone in my apartment to check one of my roommates rooms after she moved out and they did not notify us at all. Just came home to a random person in my house. Lots of turnover at this place, nobody really stays more than a year, for good reason. Apartments are also NOT cleaned before you move in. We had to get on our hands and knees to scrub the floors 3 times before it wasn't sticky anymore. Rooms, cabinets, bathrooms were disgusting. But they still charged us a cleaning fee! Horrible experience, haven't met one person who actually likes Jacob Heights!!

American Campus Communities A.

Macy, we strive to provide excellent customer service and your review has uncovered an opportunity for improvement. Thank you for taking the time to provide feedback for The Summit and Jacob Heights. If you’d like to discuss your review in more detail, feel free to contact the Management Office or our Customer Service Department at 512-732-1099. - Rachel K. [Customer Service]

Erica J.
Shameful behavior and shameful treatment of students. Full leases are not honored; students are forced to 'fix' problems themselves and then are 'reimbursed' with gift cards. This is a company which takes advantage of students.

American Campus Communities A.

Nicci C.
Had our apartment flooded a few weeks ago. Entirely not our fault that it occurred, however the treatment we've received in the aftermath of this flood has very much soured my opinion of this place. Between the overall apathy of fixing what damages occurred, and the cold, uncaring, lack of empathy in making sure we are taken care and compensated for the distress, discomfort, and trauma this has laid on me, and my roommate. The bullshit fines, and weasly ways of getting out of paying anything substantial to make up for the poor living conditions this flood left us in, it has become clear that they do not care for the wellbeing of us tenants. If you're looking at leasing an apartment here, I'd recommend steering clear of Jacob heights and summit and exploring other options in the Mankato area, as hopefully there are better, more caring complexes for a much better price.

American Campus Communities A.

Hello Nicci, We're sorry to hear that you were disappointed with your experience at The Summit and Jacob Heights. Please feel free to reach out to our Customer Service Department at 512-732-1099 - if you would like to discuss your review in detail. -Ashley H. [Customer Service]

Breanna A.
I currently live here now and I absolutely hate it! They matched me with roommates that were the complete opposite of what I requested to live with , I'm honestly miserable every time I come home. Anytime I've made a phone call or showed up to the office to ask for assistance on being moved else where they don't seem to care about helping me at all! No one needs to live here , ITS LITERAL TRASH!!!!!!!!!!!!! If anyone has any advice on how to go about subleasing so I can move please let me know!!!!!

American Campus Communities A.

Hi Breanna, I'm sorry that you are having issues with your roommate and feel that Management at The Summit and Jacob Heights was helping. We continually strive to exceed customer expectations but it sounds like we fell short. Please give us the opportunity to fix it by contacting our Customer Service Department at 512-732-1099. - Rachel K. [Corporate Customer Service]

Americano E.
No help with prepares at all please read reviews before you book this place or sign any thing the rent to high and keeps increasing with time especially if your international student and have no idea about apartments becareful but summit and Jacob's Aint a place for you

American Campus Communities A.

Hi Americano,

Tyler N.
Like many others are saying they try to scam you out of every dollar they can. I was charged bogus cleaning and damages fees even though it was in terrible condition when I moved in and in better condition when I moved out. They wouldn't hardly work with me until I filed a complaint with the Better Business Bureau and they still didn't make it completely right. Look elsewhere unless you like being hit with dishonest fees.

American Campus Communities A.

Hey Tyler, 2e value your feedback, and we're sorry you're unhappy. We strive to provide excellent customer service at The Summit & Jacob Heights. Our Property Manager confirmed he has spoken with you regarding your concerns, however I'm sorry the issue was not resolved to your satisfaction. If you believe there's something else we can do to assist, please give our Customer Service Team a call at 512-732-1099. Thank you. -Jessica L. [Customer Service]

Andrea Y.
CROOKS!! Couldn't give this place zero stars, but would have! Be very careful you know what you are renting. We were shown a decent rental, good size bedrooms, clean, smelled good, etc. When our son moved in, it was horrid!! Words can not explain the smell and condition of this rental. Requested a nonsmoking rental, placed him with a smoker and the place stinks so bad he has to keep his clothes at a friends place. Not only that, but the carpets are filthy and needed replacing many years ago. Bedroom is so small he has to keep everything but his bed in storage. WAY too expensive for the living conditions. Claimed they would work with you if you are not happy...not true. No concern at all, no explanation for the bait and switch. Can't even break the lease. Refused to allow us to forfeit deposit or buy out.

American Campus Communities A.

Hi Andrea, We're sorry to hear about your son's move in experience at The Summit & Jacob Heights. The cleanliness of your son's home is so important - we'd like to discuss in detail what you've observed so we can address the issue. Please give us the opportunity to fix it by contacting our Management Office or the Customer Service Department at 512-732-1099. -Caithn [Corporate Customer Service]

J V.
If I could give this place a zero star I would. Since April 2016, I have received several unsolicited emails from this place and have informed them 4 times they have the wrong email and to stop emailing me. Unfortunately, they continue to send me emails about one of their residents electricity bill and how much they owe. They even had the nerve to say I had to pay it.

Last I checked:

1. I have never lived there.
2. My name is not the person you are trying to reach.
3. I'm not paying someone else's electricity bill.

If you live at this place you better be sure they aren't sending your private information to random people as confidentiality is not a priority for these people. They can't even update their own records to remove an email that is obviously not the person they are trying to reach.

I'd think twice before deciding on living at this place since your sensitive information can be easily accessible. If you want to be a victim of identity thief this place might be the ideal residence.

Tiphany S.
The people at Summit and Jacob Heights are crooks and they could care less about the people that they are serving in the community or that attend MNSU. All they care about is making the extra dollar. The apartments are not the best and they act as if it is a five star complex. The way that they carry themselves at that complex is uppity so if you like foul play and people that don't care about but look at you like a dollar sign then move on in.

Myles O.
Too expensive for the quality you get. Internet doesn't work half the time as well.. Garages in Jacob heights barely fits 2 cars and there is little parking for visitors on the street.

Camron C.
Do not rent from this place. They have the worst management and they are crooks. They take advantage of innocent students and charge them for false reasons. They provide a terrible shape living condition and at the end claim a huge damage charges to the place. My son lived there for three years and paid rent and all charges without any delay and finally they slapped a fictitious charge and reported him to a credit bureau. Do your self a favor and do not rent here. Parents be aware that this business is harmful to your children well being. I give them one star because there is no zero or negative star rating.

American Campus Communities A.

Hello Camron, wow, I'm very sorry to hear about your poor experience with The Summit and your son's move-out charges. Please reach out to our Corporate Customer Service Team at CustomerService@AmericanCampus.com or 512-732-1099 to discuss your review further. - Rachel K. [Customer Service]

Marko D.
If it was possible to give them zero stars I would. Their room mate matching process is a joke. They just simply put you in whatever rooms are available so they can start charging you rent as soon as possible. They even charge you a fee if you're locked out after office hours, even when I can see people still in the office. It's not like I had to get somebody out of bed to unlock a door. Of bigger concern is how they won't let you view the actually living space. If is was able to see the place and see the amount of debris collected and alcoholic bottles discarded everywhere, I would of ran away in a heart beat. Worse is how the divide all damages equally amount the residents. So since I have alcoholic drug using room mates that break things I'm held accountable for them. All the lecturing in the world could not fix these negligent room mates (literally kids).

Spend the extra $ and get an apartment elsewhere.

Alivia P.
Do not live here! When I first moved in they claimed to have lysoled and cleaned every room that was obviously not cleaned. I had dirt build up on my night stand and dust absolutely disgusting. I'm more upset that they lied about the cleaning especially in the midst of a pandemic. When I called the office they made excuses that they have too many apartments and can't clean every one. They over charge you on electric when you barely use any. The people working in the office don't wear masks and they don't use any COVID - 19 precautions. Ive woken up in the middle of the night to my neighbors yelling at each other and fighting physically. I have seen the cops come multiple times for people fighting. It's not a safe place to live and I do not feel safe living here. The apartment is not what they showed on the tour, furniture comes damaged, the carpet is stained, and nothing is clean. Parking passes are not enforced so you almost never get parking outside your apartment. There's no security cameras in the parking lot or in the stairwell, so if someone breaks into your car (which I've seen happen at summit) or hits it in the parking lot good luck. Overall, do not live here.

American Campus Communities A.

Anonymous L.
If I could give zero stars, I would. I moved in during the winter as a sublet from another girl. My apartment was dirty, smelly, and had cockroaches. We had to fight and fight with the people in the office for them to do something about the roaches - it took weeks to get someone out here to spray for them. The hundreds of cockroaches came out of the walls and died in our main living area. Again, after hours of fighting with the people in the office, they finally agreed to come vacuum the dead bugs and move the appliances in the kitchen. They did vacuum, but never moved the appliances. This is a health issue and the people in the office didn't even seem to care.

I live with a student who is from Africa. She doesn't do her dishes or take out the trash, and lets it pile up outside her door. I have tried to confront her many times about the cleanliness of the apartment but she refuses to listen. I contacted the office people about this issue and they said they would inspect and go from there. I had to remind them to inspect because my issue was just not of interest to them and they threw it on the back burner. They never followed up with me after the inspection.

These are just a couple of the issues I have had while living here. Our garbage disposal backs up every single time it is turned on. My blinds in my bedroom recently snapped in half and didn't get fixed until four days later. The towel rod in the bathroom is broken and I have put in multiple maintenance requests to get it fixed, and nothing has been done. I blow a fuse in my bedroom every time I try to blow dry my hair. We have gone over on our electricity every single month, even on months we are not using heat/air, and I feel as though they are scamming us to get more money.

I move out in less than a month and am more than excited, this place has been a living hell and the workers are completely useless. I will never reccomend the summit to anyone, not even my worst enemy.

William K.
STAY AS FAR AWAY FROM RENTING FROM THIS PLACE AS POSSIBLE. subleasing is a complete nightmare. There was a giant 2 and a half foot in diameter mold spot in our garage, the front door doesn't close properly, our stove barely worked, the internet is shaky at best, the walls are paper thin can hear everything your roommates are doing in their rooms, the staff and management are a bunch of Nazis completely complacent to the concerns and financial problems of its renters, the hot tube is closed more times then not, parking is a nightmare at best, and finally god forbid your late one day on rent. in short this place was so bad I actually went out of my way to write my first review of anything ever.

Sue S.
I would strongly recommend staying away from these apartments. It is very poorly managed. My son was matched with 3 other men with one of them a huge trouble maker. The trouble maker did not pay his bills and was very destructive. We ended up have to pay for his damage just because my son got stuck with him as roommate. They did not know each other prior. Both my son and another roommate went to management and received no help from them to get the situation under control. This place is horrible. They almost evicted the trouble maker because he was not paying his rent so they know he is not a responsible adult yet still would not do anything to help my son or his other roommates. Anything for a dollar.

Trey K.
I moved in at the beginning of this school year and had nothing but great experiences here! The combination of the friendly staff, quick maintenance work, low prices, and amenities makes this a great place to live. Plus, I got placed exactly where I wanted! I would highly recommend The Summit & Jacob Heights to anyone looking for housing in the Mankato area.
